Techstars San Francisco: it's 1st of all so recently purchased because a lot of those purchases were quite ancient. And to have, like response rates.
Techstars San Francisco: Another thing is that we've mental madness and everything that we've been doing. We've had some great feedback on, like what to focus on and and what our strategy for like sales would be. And so that changed kind of our focus to from this perspective, which is what we're gonna do so continue on the screening criteria, but that we have but just. We had introductions from mentors
Techstars San Francisco: and try to get people hired, not only software. But just like solution, like career coaches
Techstars San Francisco: rather than just focusing on the software. We've seen the people being very reluctant to share how it works. Maybe it's a school thing, but they maybe they felt that we're trying to sell something, even if it was clear from the message that we didn't. But so that's what we're gonna do if they hire someone. And it's probably a bit different. And then because one of the focus, one of the feedback was
Techstars San Francisco: focus more in France. Get Gdp interviews for more actual clients.
Techstars San Francisco: So there's 12 of them. So we probably can do like 4 or 5 Jdb. Interviews with them. And then one of the big
Techstars San Francisco: one of the biggest also thing that we decide is to do for end end users the students
Techstars San Francisco: because they're gonna be the the one like getting the value out of it.
Techstars San Francisco: As well as the you know, universities and schools.
Techstars San Francisco: But from the one Jtvd. Interview that we got it was pretty insightful. You can see some of them
Techstars San Francisco: insights and quotes that we have here. And then
Techstars San Francisco: there's the motivations. I think one of the things that we like, the few insights that we got that were really important is one they are not
Techstars San Francisco: like pushy, motivated people like she had a software like
Techstars San Francisco: big interview. That's the thing that she had before, but that worked great. She was very happy about it, but she didn't use it at the new school she was in.
Techstars San Francisco: so she didn't like. She wasn't pushing for a new solution. But before, because they reached out they were like, Oh, I used it. I use something similar previously. And so let's try it out team rather than just I use this thing. I'm gonna bring it to the team to help improve. So it's it's a lot of like politics within the school, and like not
Techstars San Francisco: putting yourself forward that much.
Techstars San Francisco: and there's a few things as well about how they did the deal actually with like corporate sponsor, etc, which we haven't. We didn't think about it, or believed it was possible before. So that was also very interesting
Techstars San Francisco: as well as the way they take decisions which is very
Techstars San Francisco: unanimous. They speak with the whole team, and they get they have a lot of silos.
Techstars San Francisco: so you can see the motivations here. And then the 4 forces. Another big thing is
Techstars San Francisco: even if the decision was very slow. Like a year to to take the whole decision they they purchased a 3 year contracts, which is something that we haven't done yet, but it can be interesting to push for that.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah. So you can see all this, and that's it.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, what?
Techstars San Francisco: Where do you think you need the most help with your next step.
Techstars San Francisco: Jake? Am I clear enough? Am I talking loud enough for you to hear me?
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, yeah, I got you perfectly.
Techstars San Francisco: Cool.
Techstars San Francisco: What I heard is your next step, if I remember correctly, is, gonna talk to your existing customer, which is great. I think that's awesome. I think everybody should do that. If you have existing customers, that you want to better understand you, that
Techstars San Francisco: I have this puzzle in my head about
Techstars San Francisco: the struggle that you guys have gone through to not be able to get more than one person to interview
Techstars San Francisco: Do you feel like you've done everything you can
Techstars San Francisco: saw your effort. It was significant. So I'm just wondering whether we're leaving something on the table or not. We're trying to talk to the people you all wanted to in the Us.
Techstars San Francisco: I think we've done a significant amount of efforts firsthand, and then I went back to France, and I focused on like getting the clients, and I had a few clients lined up. We signed a few contracts. So that's also why we didn't push afterwards, and also because mental madness was going on. But like, okay, those are very interesting insights that we're getting, and maybe it's not worth the effort to continue on the path we had.
Techstars San Francisco: So you didn't put as much effort, probably into getting more interviews because you had other priorities. Right? Yes, I think that's 1 of the big thing.
Techstars San Francisco: I think, yeah, maybe the messaging isn't the best one. But I'm not sure this is actually the thing, I think. The most interesting thing is, did you hire a carrier coach rather than the software? Because there's a lot of like tensions and like politics around software purchasing. So maybe that's I think that's a great insight for us. So how many people in total did you reach out to that fit the criteria
Techstars San Francisco: before 30 30 people. So out of the 30, how many was it around software versus career coach? Oh, there's 30 were software. So potentially we could double back and try to move the career coach. Yeah, all right, Jake. Sorry I didn't set up the air in the room before you reacted, but I'll let you weigh in now.
Jake Gutstein: No, totally. I think that's a great line of questioning. I obviously am only exposed to like this 3 second thing. So I apologize in advance to anybody. If I end up going down
Jake Gutstein: rabbit holes that you guys have considered, Neil, what's the best way for me to do this. You want me just to rant things, and then we drill in. Or do you want me to go point by point.
Techstars San Francisco: I think everyone in this room is more excited to hear from you than me.
Techstars San Francisco: Yes.
Jake Gutstein: All right. So then, double recheck your priorities. But here's what I would say. I want to caution you in particular about talking or understanding the difference between a customer and a consumer. So the end user of the product. These people who are using the these career coaches are not the person that you are looking to have pay you. And so, while it is insightful to see how these people, or when these people adapt to a solution or a new solution.
Jake Gutstein: it's not going to get you distribution@firstst And what you guys need to be focusing on is dramatically increasing your sales. I think.
Jake Gutstein: understanding the causal.
Jake Gutstein: I story
Jake Gutstein: behind what goes what people go through? To decouple from what they were doing before, or change around, not having a solution to having and actively paying for one. I'm talking about institutions in this case, which sounds like it's still your primary. Go to market, although again, I might be missing something there.
Jake Gutstein: Understanding the stories of those people and how they change is going to be really important, because to your point. You hit on a very important anxiety, which is like nobody wants to lose their job in an institution. You're going to be very risk, averse, or I would believe that you'd be very risk, averse in terms of putting yourself out there to adapt these new solutions so like something has to be pressing enough that they're willing to
Jake Gutstein: put themselves in a personal position of risk to adopt these new solutions, be it those career coaches, or that one website that you cited big interview. And so really, really kind of
Jake Gutstein: drilling in on that, I would strongly caution against drawing conclusions from a single like essentially talking to one person and being like we understand this space. Now, that's like, visiting Berlin and being like, I understand how Europe works. And so
Jake Gutstein: it's really tempting to start to draw those patterns really, even early after for the 1st couple of conversations. But it's like critical to see like, okay, this is where they needed to get to, but these were like the serious pressures that they were under that got them to actively pay for for a new solution.
Techstars San Francisco: Hey? How- how do you know that? Are you speaking for personal experience? There? Have you made that mistake?
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Multiple times. I mean, like, right now, we're getting burned even by when you run experiments like jumping to the the end. It goes for the jobs to be done interviews as well. But like it's like when you infer the result of something before. Significant statistical significance, and then get burned when the results shift, which like literally just happened to us with
Jake Gutstein: with a piece of media.
Techstars San Francisco: Good. Okay, that point, because don't know if this happened to anybody in the room in the past month, but it probably has where you've had some interviews. You got excited about what you heard, and you've applied that insight from that one piece of information to a business strategy.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, it. It's just like it's a, it's data, right? So like, it is important to hold on to that thing. And then you don't wanna in these new conversations you want to be memory list, and how you're approaching them. But
Jake Gutstein: in time it could be validated. 1,000, I mean. That's really the point of these things. It's just very tempting to decide that there's no knowledge like jump. It's an exercise in ambiguity so like jumping into like
Jake Gutstein: not thinking that you know something before you do.
Techstars San Francisco: Got it. And then just one thing I heard the same thing, I think what you were talking about
Techstars San Francisco: is the people who are hiring and bringing in the career coaches, not the career coaches themselves right
Techstars San Francisco: like. Who who are you talking about? You're doing that. So.
Jake Gutstein: You gotta yeah. I think that you guys need to talk to who you're gonna sell to.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, that's yeah. We said that. But also we're also gonna try. Our plan was also gonna try to interview the the user and not the buyer
Techstars San Francisco: as well.
Jake Gutstein: As long as long as you have the bandwidth for it. That's totally okay.
Techstars San Francisco: I think that's also what I don't know inside or things that we got from the our actual customers. You know that we have. We want more engagement? Because that's.
Techstars San Francisco: The main from the clients that we talk to. The main fear that they have is that the product's not gonna be used, and.
Jake Gutstein: Do I know this will work.
Techstars San Francisco: Sorry.
Jake Gutstein: It's they're asking, how do I know this will work.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, exactly.
Techstars San Francisco: And I think that's 1 of the thing that we managed to do for some. But like getting to understand, the end user will help us drill down on that. And one of the thing that I I said is that those current coaches are not
Techstars San Francisco: the most.
Techstars San Francisco: How can I say that diplomatically, you know active people. And so they actually have a hard time reaching out to students and getting themselves known? So if we can do that job for them as well. It's it's a big, big thing.
Jake Gutstein: I I don't think I understand that. So that is, with regards to the buyer conversations, or with regards to the.
Techstars San Francisco: The buyer conversation buyer conversation. They say they have a hard time, so their job is to help students.
Techstars San Francisco: but they have a hard time doing that because they they're not communicating. Well, they're not understanding their students well, they have a lack of means. But there's a bunch of reasons why.
Jake Gutstein: Do you think that rather than selling to the the schools, these institutions, you actually may be selling to the individual coaches.
Techstars San Francisco: No, I don't think so, but it's just like by understanding the end. So they're often asking us like, How do I reach out to students, how do I make sure that they get this or that? And they're often like impressed by
Techstars San Francisco: like, if we go to the school, do a conference, present the tool for actual clients. They are impressed by the number of people who show up to the conference how they how they show up and like what types of questions they ask, because they say that when they do something, it's it's very different.
Techstars San Francisco: And so if we can manage to get that energy. It's gonna win them much more easily unadjust. Here.
Jake Gutstein: And who's it? Winning.
Techstars San Francisco: So the carrier coaches the universities that we sell to they have a very hard time actually helping like doing their job of helping the students.
Jake Gutstein: Right. So you're saying, are the career coaches, the universities? These are the same one and the same.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: Okay, I I was. I was missing that.
Techstars San Francisco: Employed by the sorry they're employed by the school. Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: Understood. Okay, so but they're not the one that do. Do they sign the check they sign for software individually, or does somebody above them, sign for the contract and then give them the software.
Techstars San Francisco: Depends on the on the school.
Jake Gutstein: Okay cause. Then they would be your consumer, too. If they're not able to actually sign the check.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I I get what you mean.
Jake Gutstein: It would be like an Sdr using sales software right?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, yeah, so we need would need to. Yeah, we need to talk to the actual person making the decision that I.
Jake Gutstein: It's for for this from like a buyer standpoint. Yeah, you have to make sure it's the person who literally signs on the paper for your contract.
Jake Gutstein: Because I they're like, Yeah, they're not going to be able to put an idea forward without it. No like what you might find is like when my career coaches are coming to me and telling me that they need to sign off and like that reaches a critical mass, and then that becomes more of your go to market. But if that's actually not a factor in how they end up making these decisions, then you could waste a lot of time getting these career coaches excited.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, yeah.
Jake Gutstein: I have no idea what the answer is. I don't. I don't know.
Techstars San Francisco: This is good, I think I mean, your next steps are clear to me, Antoine. Know raises hand. So. Is there anything else, Antoine? You wanted to share before we move on to the next company.
Jake Gutstein: I I was that to me.
Techstars San Francisco: He's he is, but I think he's picking up his daughter. So I don't know it's gonna be okay. Cool. Yeah, we'll we'll talk more in the dramatic reflection, checking as well. But I think there's a couple of pathways here. One is doubling back that strategy, and the other one is, I'd love to help you guys talk to your current customers.
Techstars San Francisco: But can you have that nature?
Techstars San Francisco: What do you mean exactly by helping you talk to your customers. Is there anything that we should do in particular that regard?
Techstars San Francisco: I you said I'd love to help you speak to your customers. Okay, cool. Yeah, that would be helpful.
Techstars San Francisco: Who's next? Who's next?
Techstars San Francisco: You get somebody?
Techstars San Francisco: You're right there.
Techstars San Francisco: Give me a karaoke vibe.
Techstars San Francisco: Thank you, Alex.
Techstars San Francisco: So you're sharing from your yeah, that's exactly what I was seeing.
Techstars San Francisco: No, it's there.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, it's not
Techstars San Francisco: exactly yeah, that exactly, anyway.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, where is Jake?
Techstars San Francisco: Be able to see me.
Techstars San Francisco: He can hear you.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, yeah, I got you.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay? Great. Yeah. Hi, so
Techstars San Francisco: oh, Hi, Jake, nice to meet you.
Techstars San Francisco: So my startup's name is neural defend. And we are trying to create technologies that can detect deepfakes in audio and video content. While there are several use cases of deep fake detection, we decided to
Techstars San Francisco: start our Jtbd exercise with the Kyc industry. So let me walk you through the screening criteria
Techstars San Francisco: and
Techstars San Francisco: ready.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah. So yeah, we, we did a lot of secondary research before zooming in into this particular use case. So we saw a lot of, you know, Youtube videos, a lot of news articles. We also spoke with people in the verification industry broadly like we have a few friends who are doing document verification. So they gave us some references about people who we should talk to. So
Techstars San Francisco: at the end of that exercise, we realized that Kyc is something
Techstars San Francisco: where deep fake detection is immediately needed. And this is the industry which is most willing to pay for a solution like this. So when I say this industry is willing to pay, I'm like comparing it with other industries. For example, media, there are a lot of like deep fake videos going viral on Youtube, even news channels. But they are not willing to pay for it right now. But these guys are willing to pay because there's a
Techstars San Francisco: direct financial repercussion because their clients are large banks. Therefore, there's a need to urgently get a solution like this because they'll lose millions. And you know, billions of dollars.
Techstars San Francisco: So there are like a few reports. So on the left side. This is a report which talks about the existing video verification solutions like liveness detection, which is an older technology. So what what these people realize is that 99% of the liveness detection was kind of penetrated by deepfakes.
Techstars San Francisco: They have to use a newer technology and kind of liveness is becoming obsolete. And then, like, there are several, you know, articles and kind of data points that talk about how there are very cheap AI tools that can create deepfakes these days, and it's very easy to to penetrate the Kyc process.
Techstars San Francisco: So it was a no brainer for us to talk to Kyc. Industry as the 1st potential use case target.
Techstars San Francisco: Now coming to the to the Jtbd interview. So we, we've booked 5 Kyc, companies so far, one in the Us and 4 in India. And we have realized that there's a global Kyc requirement right now. So they are. They are developing a video Kyc product, most of these guys and they see that there's an urgent need not just in us or India, but also globally.
Techstars San Francisco: So, for example, in in Uae, in in, in Europe, as well as like in African countries, there are video Kyc processes that are being
Techstars San Francisco: adopted right now. So and for these video verification processes
Techstars San Francisco: like like, I said, it can easily be penetrated by deepfakes. Therefore, these guys are trying to now become globally competitive. So so deepfake detection is something that they can't miss out on.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh.
Techstars San Francisco: there are several slides which talk about other quotations as well. But I'll focus on this 1 first.st So this is kind of the most important slide which talks about why these guys are are going towards a deep fake solution, and why the industry is moving in this direction. So when we when I talk about anxiety, so how many did you interview?
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, no, no, for the screening criteria.
Techstars San Francisco: I don't know dozens of people, more than a few dozen people more than yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: These were like product guys. But these are not the exact
Techstars San Francisco: potential clients. These are broad verification industry players. So they are not exactly who we are going to sell it, sell our solution to. They're like people who are broadly related to verification. And they pointed us towards the Kyc industry.
Techstars San Francisco: So like, we started this even before we we came to Textile. Actually, back in December, January, we were trying to get an understanding in the verification industry. So we were like by the end of spring. We want to kind of finalize the 1st use case for us.
Techstars San Francisco: Like, we got a few inbounds we got an email from, let's say, an online interview company.
Techstars San Francisco: So so they don't. So. But we did not go ahead too much with that, you know. Yeah. Well, I guess what I'm asking is is, you know, like, when you did the interview, you filled up the timeline? Right? Yeah. What were we working backwards from? What was the purchase of the people that you spoke to
Techstars San Francisco: purchase. Oh, yeah, yeah. So the purchase for those people is typically liveness, detection and face matching. These are the older technologies, older products that have been going around. Yeah. And then, so you interviewed them based on leading up to make the decision to buy that product.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. I understood why they are buying that right now. Why they are buying, why, they are purchasing liveness detection right now.
Jake Gutstein: What what I think is confusing him is is they're buying. You're talking to people who do not buy liveness about buying liveness.
Techstars San Francisco: I mean, they do buy like, but they they've never bought deep fake, because this is a very new thing. So nobody has bought deepfake, you know. So far. So we are trying to create a a market which doesn't exist.
Jake Gutstein: But but all of these people purchase are, are the people that purchase. The 5 that you talk to are the people that purchase the the like product.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, that that was the second step. After talking to a broad range of people. Then we found the people who are purchasing license.
Jake Gutstein: 5 people that purchase that and that that also like. So that's what you would call the habit. Right is is what they exist in today, for within the scope of purchasing your product ultimately.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. So so to answer to Neil's question, I think this slide is based on the the people who are already purchasing likeness. Yes.
Techstars San Francisco: So so yeah, these are the potential clients for us because they are, they are purchase. They're spending money on an older technology. And we want to change their habit from buying an older version of the technology to buying our product. So that's the process we are in into right now. So why they are anxious, because, as I said, you know, the the existing technologies.
Techstars San Francisco: they don't have a long term accuracy, and the the deep fakes and AI frauds are constantly evolving. There's so much news going around therefore they are quite anxious about what's going to happen whether our existing solutions are good enough or not. So they are quite kind of in in a lot of anxious mode right now
Techstars San Francisco: and then. But also they have a habit, because biometric processes have been there for for the last decade or so. Therefore they are kind of habituated with using the similar kind of solutions. They've built it in house as well. They've spent a lot of money and resources building these solutions and developing those relationships with the with the existing vendors.
Techstars San Francisco: So it's kind of a habit that they that they are into, and if they, if we have to convince them to buy deep fake, we have to kind of break that habit. So they have to take a additional layer of risk. There are push forces like, I said. You know, like globally. There's a Kyc. Requirement for deep fakes, so they are aware of it, although it's not a regulatory requirement right now. Otherwise they'll be running behind us. But
Techstars San Francisco: but but even then there are like globally, there's a push, and even some of the clients, even some of the banks, have started asking them, Do you have deepfakes, although the banks are not willing to pay for it right now. But they're just asking questions about deepfakes, so that in itself is a is a subtle push.
Techstars San Francisco: And then, there are full forces like, you know. We have already presented our technology and some other defect detection startups are also kind of
Techstars San Francisco: trying to convince them about this. So kind of
Techstars San Francisco: helping us, because, some of the existing competitors are also educating our clients and not just us doing that alone, summarizing it. Maybe with one of the quote, key insight slides and we can jump to the final slide. We talk about what you're doing next.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I can.
Techstars San Francisco: And there's a slide in which the summary as well.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, in this. So basically in summary, the interesting defected technology is driven by the need to enhance security and reliability of the Kyc process.
Techstars San Francisco: particularly for the global operations. And there's a need to address the growing growing threat of sophisticated defects to meet current as well as future client demands.
Techstars San Francisco: And so this is where we are right now to summarize everything there's in India there are a lot of video Kyc processes, not just for verification, but also for large transactions. This is a key insight we got from a customer recently so like, for example, if you want to make a hundred $1,000 transaction till now, it was just
Techstars San Francisco: like, you know, document verification. But now they are integrating a video verification as well. So you have to talk to the the bank through a video call if you are doing it online. So this is something that's coming up now, which makes this technology even more attractive in the future. So these are some of the key insights we have received from the industry and trying to build our solution around that.
Techstars San Francisco: So that's that's 1 of the directions we have moved in. So making our video product as strong as possible, because that's the 1st one we are going to.
Techstars San Francisco: which is going to see the light of the day. You know, even before we do audio and image solutions.
Techstars San Francisco: So yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: Jake, I would love your initial reaction, and then I can round it out. Does anyone else in the room has feedback too?
Jake Gutstein: Yeah. Awesome, I think. Directionally accurate. What I would say is that there's an element of vagueness here that
Jake Gutstein: I believe you can unpack one level deeper if you would flesh down one slide. There.
Jake Gutstein: This is your yeah. Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: Ideally.
Jake Gutstein: I think that like random numbers are thrown out for these. So like 10 interviews, 8 interviews, 1215, whatever it might be. What you're really looking for is a predictable 100% close rate
Jake Gutstein: in terms of a story, and it's an a hundred percent close rate, because the the people that you are talking to have already purchased right? So like you already know that they've bought
Jake Gutstein: in terms of the story that you're getting
Jake Gutstein: when you look at like global Kyc requirements necessitate a robust deficit detection like.
Jake Gutstein: But what happened with with the people like
Jake Gutstein: something came down that actually causes them to go from
Jake Gutstein: nothing, pushing them to buy a solution to this being the day that they're going to actually purchase
Jake Gutstein: that solution. And I think that to the degree that you can get a little bit deeper. So again. I cannot vouch for that. Quote that you just put up there at the end of this call, or if you go back to that that other one. But you have fairly significant, Fomo to play on. Should that be a really big driving factor? That's a fairly significant anxiety that would get somebody to move from habit that they may have.
Jake Gutstein: I the the more of these that you would do, I think
Jake Gutstein: particularly once you start hinging it around that liveness
Jake Gutstein: purchase, the more you may find that there's an actual thing to sell into rather than what feels like market forces at play.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, to me, this comes off like it was. It's a more of a broad idea of research. So I'd be curious to view the transcripts of those 5 interviews he did to compare and contrast what led to this be these being the forces? Because my sense is that this is more about
Techstars San Francisco: your assessment of the industry, and where you want neural defenses to like.
Techstars San Francisco: stand as opposed to, maybe extracting
Techstars San Francisco: from a purchase point that's more specified in the context of jobs to be done. And that's okay. But it's it's what
Techstars San Francisco: we were trying to get to with with this inside. But what what I did exactly is what you're saying. So I have the transcripts of all these conversations, and I was showing Chloe that my process so what I do is I upload it on Google notebook.
Techstars San Francisco: So I create for each client. I've created a Google notebook folder, an AI tool. So you, I, I create also upload the audio and audio recordings of the meetings there and then I ask. It's very specific questions, and it reads through the conversations and tells me the specific answers so like this entire presentation derived from the transcripts. And it's not something that I.
Jake Gutstein: Not specific. So the answers that it is giving you, either based on your prompt or the ability of the software, are not specific enough.
Techstars San Francisco: Can you like? Tell me, like a 1 specific question, that
Techstars San Francisco: that I can get like feedback based on what we're looking at on the screen.
Jake Gutstein: I'm looking at the top right hand corner in particular. So number one is that fear of fraud from deepfakes is rising among banks, particularly in the Us. And Uae. That's not really. That's kind of an anxiety, but it's not. It's not something that like
Jake Gutstein: happened. It's kind of latent. It just kind of exists there. So it's not
Jake Gutstein: I think that understanding there's that visual of like somebody
Jake Gutstein: kind of running up a mountain with with jobs. So like, there's a there's a story
Jake Gutstein: at play that that doesn't actually hit on.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, there's there's a way to use AI to help you process information. I don't think this is it? I think what this is giving you is is, it could be helpful. But it's not necessarily what we can help you with the context of jobs. Right? So again, I'm not dismissing the insights. These are probably valuable. But it's it's we're we're missing the the level of detail that we need to help you actually formulate jobs around.
Jake Gutstein: This is, it's actually like one of the hardest things to train, though, too, is like I used to call it, levels of abstraction. But you can also like think of it as like a super subsystem like you're just like one level, too high up in looking at this like if you sat down with.
Jake Gutstein: You should be like able to use their or position their experience a little bit more than what feels like a salesman being like.
Jake Gutstein: Are you afraid that deepfakes is rising among banks? It's like, yeah. But I could have. You probably could have told yourself that before you ever sat down and spoke to these people.
Jake Gutstein: You're you're kind of looking for for one step past that in terms of the analysis.
Techstars San Francisco: Like the purchase is being made by a human. Make sure you're understanding human motivations, not the market motivations. It seems. Yeah, like a lot of this is kind of applicable.
Jake Gutstein: Ball or club.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I mean, there's 1 aspect which is selling to businesses as compared to selling to individuals. But you know, in A, b 2 b kind of an industry. It's I literally have a slide that I presented this that says for me to be people within a business are people right? And there's different people that influence the decision. But they're still people. Yeah, right? So when you say a business, I usually don't buy no like someone at the business has to decide to say yes.
Jake Gutstein: That old thing where you, where you have to. You have to get in touch with the secretary the executive. It's like, how do you get the meeting? It's by being really close with the executive assistant.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, okay? So so yeah, I think what we can do is, let's do a sidebar, and we'll work on like going deeper on this analysis, because it sounds like you did a good job with those interviews. We can take those 5 and get something from them and decide if we need to do that. We probably do.
Techstars San Francisco: But yeah, directionally correct.
Techstars San Francisco: Sure, cool. Great. Thank you. Guys appreciate your time.
Techstars San Francisco: So you can screen share from your laptop if you want, or you slowly finish, that's my work.
Techstars San Francisco: If it's there we go.
Techstars San Francisco: hey, Jake? And Hello, everyone.
Techstars San Francisco: So here's our why, before the why, I'll start with our screening criteria.
Techstars San Francisco: I'll give a background of the business first.st So we are consolidating home inspections and appraisals to save time and money in the closing process we can save up to 2 weeks in closing and thousands of dollars.
Techstars San Francisco: So we coming into the program, we had some sales. So what we did was we went back to those realtors buyers that who who had bought our service
Techstars San Francisco: and we try to figure out, you know why they bought us essentially
Techstars San Francisco: so we were looking for we were looking to speak with people who were either like directly paid for the service or were a Key Decision maker in influencing that by
Techstars San Francisco: so it was realtors who are typically our Channel partners who refer us.
Techstars San Francisco: or it was. We also interviewed a few buyers as well. In total, we did 7 jobs to be done, interviews, 5 of them realtors and 2 were home buyers.
Techstars San Francisco: we were able to find 3 sort of like 3 themes or 3 key insights that we think were important.
Techstars San Francisco: And then we sort of like came up with like product takeaways. Some of these things, like all the Aubrey that we've been implemented so the 1st one was lack of consistency. This was, I think, a common theme around
Techstars San Francisco: like 5 out of the 7 inspection people that we talked to so different inspectors inspect for different things, even though there's like a baseline of like, hey, these are the things that this is like the standard that you have to do the tools that they use the the methods that they they use are are very different.
Techstars San Francisco: So
Techstars San Francisco: you know, some people like don't measure the foundation. They just do a visual observation. Some people don't get on the roof. So that was a pain point for the buyer, like they don't know the quality of work that they're getting
Techstars San Francisco: because it. It depends really on, from from inspection to from inspector to inspector.
Techstars San Francisco: So we we think there's an opportunity here for us to sort of come up with our own really standard of of inspecting
Techstars San Francisco: and provide the inspectors with like certain tools.
Techstars San Francisco: They're like lasers for measurements, or like
Techstars San Francisco: to essentially like standardize, and also like
Techstars San Francisco: the reporting itself, like, how do we standardize reporting? Because when we, when it comes to reporting, like people use different types of software, so is there. Is there an opportunity for us for us there?
Techstars San Francisco: The second insight was the lack of clarity. And this this is something that we knew coming into the program as well. Also like what we tried to solve for because we had gone through this personally.
Techstars San Francisco: When we get the inspection report. We don't know what we need to do next.
Techstars San Francisco: How much things are going to cost, what things are critical, what things can wait.
Techstars San Francisco: And it was sort of confirming what we knew that this this is a problem for buyers especially. This was very common for the buyers. Both buyers mentioned same thing, not as much for for the realtors.
Techstars San Francisco: they for like there, there are already a little more experience, so they know, like what needs to be done. But if for the buyer it was, it was a bad experience, just
Techstars San Francisco: not knowing how much things are going to cost, having to rely on someone else for that information.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, 100%. I mean, the realtors just want to get the deal done and move along. And and yeah, it's it's it's not a great experience for the buyer.
Techstars San Francisco: and the last one was sort of the communication. And updates, we had a couple of comments, hey? Like I won't.
Techstars San Francisco: I won't get notified until like something goes wrong with the inspection, or like the inspector doesn't show up so.
Techstars San Francisco: We took that. I think that's a huge opportunity for a product there, especially with like something we're building like automatic updates, is like something that's easy to do.
Techstars San Francisco: that. Yeah, that was that was a that's a big key takeaway that we we hadn't thought about before.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, I think
Techstars San Francisco: think that was it. And then I'll walk you through sort of like the push and the pull of the situation.
Techstars San Francisco: The push being inconsistencies. Buyers are buyers are frustrated of of the quality of inspections, quality of reporting.
Techstars San Francisco: not knowing. You know how much things are gonna cost
Techstars San Francisco: things like that. And then the pull of the situation is
Techstars San Francisco: sort of the technical jargon again, that they they're unfamiliar with. So if if they're if we're able to provide some clarity there, I think that could push them in in buying our product
Techstars San Francisco: habit. Yeah, this is this is a little confusing, because
Techstars San Francisco: realtors are sort of used to using text messages phone calling to schedule
Techstars San Francisco: but at the same time they're saying, Hey, like we don't receive updates. So although we want it was confusing, and it was contradicting in in terms of like
Techstars San Francisco: the the output that that we got.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, yeah, that was one thing. And then the anxiety of the situation was to to on the on the buyer side, and lack of trust and inspectors.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, not knowing the quality of of the inspection.
Techstars San Francisco: And they don't really care about like what standard inspection is as a home buyer, they just want a quality inspection. One comment that I recall is, I don't care about Trent, which is like the Texas Real Estate Commission. I just want a quality inspection. I don't. I don't like as a buyer. I wouldn't even know what those standards are. I want a good inspection.
Techstars San Francisco: Yes, I mean on the habit and sort of like the the comments that they made. It has had a had us a little confused
Techstars San Francisco: whether we should build like an app to like. Make things easier scheduling wise
Techstars San Francisco: that was in our roadmap but like the the notifications and things
Techstars San Francisco: we are going ahead with it because we think you know, might as well, like Test. Learn. If you fail, we fail. If we move on to the next thing.
Techstars San Francisco: But that was, yeah, that was a little confusing. Yeah, I mean, sometimes your instincts can override even the insights that you have right. If you guys have the hunch that something might work. That's okay. Just make sure. You know why, what's informing the decision versus what is?
Techstars San Francisco: Can you go back to the screening criteria.
Techstars San Francisco: home buyers and realtors who hired really broke. So you're you're basically you're drawing from the people who've used your product right, and that's what. So
Techstars San Francisco: it feels like. What you shared with us are a lot of things that you guys either already knew or you felt right. There were a few small things that you that were helpful, but I feel like there's another layer here that could be even more powerful. So have you thought about what you would do if you were to do another round of these? I think, yeah. So our next step is so
Techstars San Francisco: I think we're switching our strategy a little bit. We're gonna focus more on lenders now. And I think that was a decision that we made with all of us. And then we informed David as well. So we're gonna conduct about 7 jobs to be done on lenders coming into the cohort. We had already spoken with a lot of realtors like close to 500, with like either sales calls or like going to open houses, things like that. So
Techstars San Francisco: although, like we didn't follow a a specific single pain point. We had a good understanding of the problem like across different different pain points. But we have not done. We haven't done that for a lender. So I think the next step for us is to do jobs to be done on lenders. And then how insightful like! I don't know how close you all got to, because you've identified some of the frustrations and pains. But what I'm curious about is that are you all more informed now on the buyer's journey leading up
Techstars San Francisco: like, do you know the intricacies of their path, of finding and discovering you? And how is that helping you get more of them.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. So real display a key part, no matter what you do.
Techstars San Francisco: I guess. One interview we had this person they had. They had pulled like 10 houses, so they were not into the game yet they still trusted their order to refer them to an inspector.
Techstars San Francisco: 9 times out of the 11. They they used the the realtors inspector. The other one was like his dad knew the inspector, so they accused him a couple of times in that area. But
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, we we have to use those Channel partners of realtors.
Techstars San Francisco: But I think that's a key insight, because we didn't know that we thought we could like directly market to buyers at some point.
Techstars San Francisco: but this like sounding like, more often than not, they're going to rely on who they're able to refer.
Jake Gutstein: No, I think that was a great insight.
Jake Gutstein: I I understand, because I I briefly remember that we touched base at the beginning of program, and you thought that you were going to help them. Source
Jake Gutstein: if I'm remembering correctly. If that was from our conversation. You were going to help them source these inspectors. And so
Jake Gutstein: there was an issue there just in terms of like perverse incentive sets as well, and understanding that that's actually not what people need like. That might have been what you wanted to build, but it's not what people actually needed. And so then, leaning in, don't totally understand the nuance between Number 3 and number one, if I'm being honest. For for what you guys highlighted that said like, I do see that you kind of forked it into 2 separate
Jake Gutstein: kind of elements. But yeah, I where
Jake Gutstein: I guess this is great in terms of capturing the 7 stories of the people that paid. You are you guys having trouble with retention right now? Are you having trouble sourcing? What? What's the what's preventing the the business from being.
Jake Gutstein: you know, going going to 9 figures, 10 figures in revenue.
Techstars San Francisco: You need to speak up to the mic, too, if you can speak us out of my hand.
Techstars San Francisco: I think I'm back on trouble. Yeah, trouble sourcing. We have a good retention rate. I think we've lost only one customer. And yeah, in, like the inspections we've done, we have.
Jake Gutstein: Why are you? Why are you speaking to lenders.
Techstars San Francisco: So we got some feedback from anybody.
Techstars San Francisco: So the idea behind talking to Linda sees sort of like approach realtors in a 1-to-many fashion. This was, I guess, feedback we got from David Wilbrand, and then also
Techstars San Francisco: mental madness. And then, just because we kept hearing this theme about realtors being like very Adhd. And then they just like juggling multiple things. And then they don't really care about.
Techstars San Francisco: You know us inspection company, because we we had spoken to one realtor. We had coffee with them met them twice, and then she's like, Oh, I forgot about you guys until like 2 months later, when we touched base with her. So
Techstars San Francisco: why do you want to do lenders? Usually because they're more institutional. They have a set process in place. Yeah. And then one lender knows many realtors, so sort of like trying to approach all those realtors, and then lenders come off a little more critical than we do to the buyers, too, that and and the the combined home appraisal and inspection process.
Jake Gutstein: I would be. I would just say, in those conversations, make sure that you're talking to them about a software that they have purchased, and are very happily using at this point because it sounds like if they buy something, give it to the realtors, and then the realtors immediately forget about it. You're gonna have, like, really, poor retention. So you might sell to a lot of people at once. But you might run into what you guys need is to understand, like what drives adoption as well. In the lenders, products.
Techstars San Francisco: Right. But like, I think the spirit of of Jake's question is in this is in the sense, and this is for everyone
Techstars San Francisco: what this should help you do is get really excited about doubling or tripling down on a sales strategy. Right? If you have a sales goal, you should be able to set a fairly aggressive one if you have the right insight.
Techstars San Francisco: Now, what I'm hearing from you all is that you might need to go
Techstars San Francisco: slightly off from who you spoke to to actually deploy like a reasonable strategy here. So
Techstars San Francisco: it's either, why are they leaving, or why are they struggling? Or if the people who are staying are engaged and happy. How do we get more of them?
Techstars San Francisco: So I think
Techstars San Francisco: this makes sense as a next step. But, like Jake, I don't know. Am I summarizing your questioning properly?
Jake Gutstein: That's it. Everyone who builds their second company talks about doing distribution first.st Right? So like, that's the hack. That's the corner that Neil's trying to get everybody to see around.
Techstars San Francisco: Like what this should do. If you do it right, is it just opens like the floodgates to a path
Techstars San Francisco: for repeatable sales growth.
Techstars San Francisco: You guys feel like you're on that path now, or we have to. It sounds like we need to figure out this like, yeah, no, I don't think like speaking to realtors was a was a scalable thing for for the 2 of us to do so, I think going to lenders. It becomes more scalable, too, and and the product has changed from where we started to now. So now we can do both. The inspection of the appraisal that is.
Jake Gutstein: As long as you're being intellectually honest in your assessment there. And you're not just being like like this has to be something that they want to buy, not just something that would be easier for you to sell.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. So we've had. Like, what? 22. And then like another 9 today. So yeah, close to 30 conversations with lenders.
Techstars San Francisco: it's been to convince them to at least like meet us. So I I don't know, like initial, yeah, initially, initially. Yeah, it's even much to talk to them than realtors. I feel.
Jake Gutstein: That's great. Yeah. Cause like again, like you, it's not convinced. Right? Like, what you're doing is you're essentially flagging a solution to something that's biting them in the ass.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, for lenders. It's going to save time and money like we didn't have that aspect of it. But like, when we're selling to realtors. So now it's it's more comprehensive. I think that was the language I think what Jay was giving you feedback on is what you said was convinced, and I think what I'm hearing is you float the opportunity to have a conversation about this, and there's energy and enthusiasm you talk.
Jake Gutstein: Spent 6 months trying to convince realtors, and you got, however, 7 of them on the phone. But you get 30 of them on the phone in a day when you when you go to lenders. That's a pretty good sign.
Techstars San Francisco: So so to be clear, that's important. If you're ever gonna have investor conversation, right? Because you might bring something as, Oh, yeah, we convince these people to talk to us. You just reach out to them, and they have a ton of interest and enthusiasm because you're asking them about a clear pain point that they have.
Techstars San Francisco: So they're really excited to see if there's something better out there, because they're already struggling.
Jake Gutstein: They call that sophistry in the industry.
Techstars San Francisco: And especially with lenders. I mean, like this. When we bought a house you were shopping for quotes.
Techstars San Francisco: So we were with one lender, and then we ended up switching to another. So like, why did that guy loses to sort of like trying to understand that, maybe you know. Yes, the whole key. The whole goal, I guess, is to try to push the combination somehow, at least in my perspective, because so far, the revenue we have, it's just from home inspections. I really want to see, like home inspections and appraisal combined, at least one of those, so that we can. We have done at least one.
Techstars San Francisco: because it it sounds all good in theory possible. Having talked to like all the governing bodies and whatnot. But, like, I really want to push one thing. The one thing challenging is that the the lenders were not up to date with, like the latest products that Fannie Mae has. So we've been having to tell the realtors tell the lenders like educate them.
Techstars San Francisco: except better better.com. So we had a conversation with the senior director. better.com and yesterday, and they knew all of this, and but they said they have their own company internal company. That's doing this. So which
Techstars San Francisco: and so I like did a I went on their website and ordered inspection myself, like nobody really even reached out. So I'm gonna tell, hey, like this doesn't work for you guys
Techstars San Francisco: alright. Well, I mean, I don't know hearing you guys talk. I'm getting excited. I don't know. You guys excited like, I think you're on to something. Yeah, I think like, if it can figure the lender angle out, I think.
Jake Gutstein: Pay, pay very, very specific attention to the language that they're using like you can, even if they consent to it, record these calls because you guys are going to be tempted to speak in the realtor in like the language of realtor. And it sounds like they actually speak a different language and have slightly different needs. So like, if you're able to essentially parrot, what person A, B and C have said to person D, you're gonna essentially be finishing their sentences for them.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, sometimes, like the lenders, they just want to hear some buzzwords. But it was like, Oh, we are investing in Gen. AI, and like, what do you? What is that? What are you guys investing in stuff.
Jake Gutstein: I, yeah, but.
Techstars San Francisco: Well, so.
Jake Gutstein: Like that's like one of those tough things where, like, you're going to get on. And then if you pitch them and you're like we're doing. Insert all of these buzzwords here. They actually won't be won't be interested. You'll see a similar thing on traction versus market size, where, like, if you pitch them on traction. They're going to be like this. Business can't be big enough, and if you pitch them on something super super big, they're going to be like, how are you going to get there? And so like, you actually kind of have to walk the tightrope between both of them. And and I found. Typically, yeah, again, like
Jake Gutstein: in those unguarded moments, if they're talking about their actual behavior, and they're describing what they actually did, not what they think that they did. You're gonna you're gonna find some hacks in there, particularly in your sales cycle.
Techstars San Francisco: Thanks, Jay, good job, guys, let's get to work.
Techstars San Francisco: Who's heck, is it?
Techstars San Francisco: Do you actually want to pick the next victim now so they can be.
Jake Gutstein: Chris came prepared. He's like already sitting in this meeting.
Techstars San Francisco: Awesome. Hey, Jake? All right. So we're legalese. We are building an AI paralegal to streamline the time tracking and billing process for lawyers. And so, yeah, here's our why, before the why and I'll just hop right in.
Techstars San Francisco: So for us, we've completed about like 11 jobs to be done interviews so far, and we started off with a very basic screen criteria, which was small law firms anywhere from the size of one to 50 attorneys, advising small advising startups, which we call like small medium sized businesses.
Techstars San Francisco: And so when we started out this process, we just kind of like did a very wide approach and started just interviewing different lawyers, and we started to bifurcate them, bifurcate the or split it up into 3 different screen criteria. So now we're a bit more clear about the direction of the different directions and paths that we can take. The 1st one is we were speaking to associate
Techstars San Francisco: and partners at these bigger small law firms anywhere from like 10 to 100 person people.
Techstars San Francisco: and for them the uniqueness is like what we've found is like they don't have the decision making power in terms of what software to use and what tool they can like purchase. So we try to look into like when their firm change time tracking software or if they change their own process.
Techstars San Francisco: So that's 1 the second one was founding lawyers at sizes of 3 to 10 person law firms.
Techstars San Francisco: We recently purchased a time tracking billing solution in the last 2 years, and then finally, the 3rd one is one to 2 person law firms, same criteria as the second one purchase the time tracking billing software in the last 2 years. The reason why we split up the numbers this way is because we started to unsee that there was like different kind of. We started to see like different struggling moments, and then on top of that, we started to see that they were experiencing
Techstars San Francisco: endpoints.
Techstars San Francisco: And so, but again, because
Techstars San Francisco: because we were we, and we started with 11. But because we're dividing these 3, it's still pretty early for us. It still feels early of, like, you know, being able to get any kind of like major insights. But at least I wanted to at least show like where we're where we're starting to land on those. So yeah,
Techstars San Francisco: I would say that for the big loft, the bigger small firms. It's still they are all around timekeeping primarily around timekeeping. It's nothing about invoicing, billing, or or getting payments. They have a team that's dedicated to do that. That's 1 gap that we have, that we may like one of the one more changes that we could be doing is with the decision maker. Financing pillars. That's something that we have no visibility on just yet. But we're looking to do more of those
Techstars San Francisco: and so far time tracking is the struggling moment. And there's different types of struggling moments within them
Techstars San Francisco: going into the middle. The second section here. They're still very different. We've only done 2. So we're going to keep it very like nothing. No key takeaways just yet. And then finally, the one to 2 person law firms.
Techstars San Francisco: still differing, struggling moments. But we're starting to see some land around invoices and billing is most common. So I'm gonna go right into yeah. So one of them is one of the when when a law firm starts to bring in more clients and the number of clients we haven't really honed in on, because
Techstars San Francisco: lawyers, it could be like 2 clients are just generating more work for them, or it could be like 4 clients that have small amounts of work. So we haven't really been on the number of clients. But when they reach more clients they need to quickly track and create invoices, and they want to get paid. So one example is Gina. She was going through and like she had pen, and she was using pen and paper for her process. And it was it was when she started getting more clients, and one of them
Techstars San Francisco: that she was like, Okay, I really need to like, I just need to quickly generate, invoice. And she just something
Techstars San Francisco: in a way. No way.
Techstars San Francisco: It's for reasons obviously commit
Techstars San Francisco: and then the other one was, I'm hiring more lawyers and and this is the founding attorney. I want to see how many hours my attorneys are working, so that we can, as a firm, generate more profit.
Techstars San Francisco: And one of the reasons is that the attorneys that was under this founding partner. They weren't tracking their time every day. They were just coming in whenever they want, and he's having struggling conversations with getting time in. And so there is this aspect where he wants to have a little more visibility on that. He wants to have more visibility on
Techstars San Francisco: Who's what? How many hours they're working, whether they're spending too much time on something and so forth. So
Techstars San Francisco: by seeing how many hours my friends are working
Techstars San Francisco: that is connected to generating more profit. Yeah, I think so for that. I was trying to capture the reason I said, profit not just revenue or cost was because he's making this calculation to see how much like the profit profit doesn't really change from the individual person because they're billing a certain rate. So like a hundred dollars per hour. And so where it gets is like what I think he's trying to get at is he's trying to understand.
Techstars San Francisco: how much time is being spent. Okay, so this is another complexity. One of them. One of the things about this attorney is that they have a subscription based business for some of their products.
Techstars San Francisco: and so they're at a flat rate so they can't. Their revenue is only based on some flat rate, and they use the time to see how much cost for that work to be done.
Techstars San Francisco: So that is the reason from one of the 2 Erica. So the time tracking is more about not eating away our profits. Yeah, basically, the time it costs for our team members to be deployed to provide that service. That's a flat rate subscription. So they're hiring more lawyers in this situation. For what reason
Techstars San Francisco: they're they're getting more clients.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, so we're increased demand. We're hiring more lawyers. But there's a disconnect, I think, in this story with the subscription service versus the other Billable hour type service.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I could, I think I could into 2 2 different 2 different takeaways. Again. This is only the 2 people trying to get a takeaway out of this. But
Techstars San Francisco: push and pulls anxieties, habits so pushes A lot of it is. Just because they're getting. There's more work to be done in their hiring journeys just pretty clear from the past 2 pools. The perception that AI is going to help them automate things right now. The legal industry is going through this
Techstars San Francisco: phase where AI is getting a lot of lawyers into the industry and like trying new tools, not just AI tools, but just technology tools, where? So you're starting to see a shift from like just excels to a lot of different software tools that are out there.
Techstars San Francisco: Folks have commented on just the fact that everyone's using Cleo. And there's a lot of like data that we've gotten in terms of where they're finding this information from other attorneys, from Facebook groups from close friends of theirs that are also attorneys. So it's like there's a wide variety of it. But there's some consistency among like that takeaway that everyone's using. Cleo.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah. The hearing, the perception of automation is another one and then for those that, like for some of them, it was the fact that there was a support person that could answer their questions anytime that they needed. One of them was like, oh, they have their support available at like in the evening, and they just really like having that happen.
Techstars San Francisco: So anxieties
Techstars San Francisco: the solutions that we're competing against are pretty wide, like. There's some that are purely timekeeping billing, which is like point one billables. And then there's also those that are practice management solutions. And I've kind of talked about this earlier, which is, they have a wide variety of tools package into one. It's kind of like a business in a box for law firms, and for those a lot of the small law firms the the one to 2 person firms, one to 10 person firms. They end up getting that, but they hate having to pay for all the bells and whistles.
Techstars San Francisco: and they're paying more for things that they don't use.
Techstars San Francisco: And so that's acute anxiety around that and then finally, the habits.
Techstars San Francisco: This is more like the timekeepers. It's it's a little one thing that I'll note is that it's a little hard to kind of capture all these, with the 3 different types of categories we are on. But this particular is, for, like the timekeepers in the paper law, bigger small firms, just like their timekeeping habits, they color coding is very important for attorneys, and being able to have that customization because everyone has their own color and being able to have that seems to be like pretty pretty mortal, even when it comes to like different client matters. They have different color for their clients. So we're starting to see that customization.
Techstars San Francisco: All right.
Techstars San Francisco: right? So for kind of the motivations. Obviously the functional ones. Getting paid more. Enter attorneys on your time. I'll focus more on the social and the emotional, the social ones being that they want their clients to perceive them as like caring, and someone who's going to make their lives easier. And they really like like one of them use the thing about Cleo is that they allow you to send a link
Techstars San Francisco: that actually allows them to use their like a credit card payment system like you can use your credit cards to pay for legal bills, and they really like that. And that client really like reached out to the lawyer to understand what payment system they're using. And then the other one is like, I want to feel like a champion and like, I want my clients to feel like I'm their champion as a trusted advisor, so they can get more referrals and more clients and more working.
Techstars San Francisco: And then the emotional ones. We've heard onboarding is horrible terms of like switching over to a new system. And folks have even spending like months in delayed onboarding and then even it, taking a lot of time to like move over like system to system. And then, yeah, the other ones is ending up have to pay many things that they don't even use.
Techstars San Francisco: are we?
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, yeah, I can finish wrap up right now. So yeah, this is just like an idea of where we're landing in the struggle moment, still really early. But our current Mvps there we were focusing on 50 to 10 law firms that are on timekeeping. This is the workflow of like an attorney going from timekeeping all the way to like invoicing, billing, then getting paid, and getting going through accounting. We're starting to see 3 to 10 around here, and then one person's there in terms of the struggling moment, and then we're still not sure about the 50 to 10 person law firms for decision makers, Ops people.
Techstars San Francisco: And then, yeah, key takeaways, I think I'll just wrap up really quickly, like in the sense of oh, well, one most interesting thing. We were able to finally land with someone who's using a direct competitor, and they actually don't use the AI feature because the AI feature is not solving, for one of the most critical pain points for them, which is
Techstars San Francisco: attorneys that are in like capital markets or M and A. They go. And they have a lot of emails that they're going through between their clients and their internal teams. And point one was capturing every single email that was being sent and setting up entries for each one of each thing, so that Attorney ended up having to go back and delete all the entries one by one, which was a super annoying process for them. So that was like the moment that we stopped using point one AI automation just still goes back manually.
Techstars San Francisco: So that's something to highlight there and then. Finally, we're, I think, for us.
Techstars San Francisco: We're right now figuring out where we want to. We're so we're we're thinking that a sweet spot of 3 to 10 person attorneys right now, and that's what we're trying to do more. Jtvds. We only have 2 right now and then. We want to get a couple more decision makers at 10 to 50 law firms. We it was been really hard like this.
Techstars San Francisco: But we want to at least get a few data points there and then. Finally, yeah, we'll continue to do the 1, 2% law firms, but because it's still early, I think our process is just keep doing way more Jtvds, just to start cloning in when we get 8 to 12. And I think that that's our hunch on where we should be doing. But open.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, okay.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, I think that like this is a common thing that you'll see where it's like, I'm going to sell initially to these large law firms. But we can't get anybody on the phone to validate that. There's an issue. So we have trouble sourcing jobs to be done with key decision makers. And it's like it's gonna be very difficult to. So source people for an effective sales call or sales cycle. If you're not able to source people to have a conversation when you're not even
Jake Gutstein: selling them. Didn't you say the Mvp. Was for these larger firms, or these midsize firms that are beefing up.
Jake Gutstein: or did I miss.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, that idea. That's when we started building around because it was a use case that I was like.
Jake Gutstein: I see. That's what you that's what you went into this. And now you're thinking that you're going to pivot to these smaller firms.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: Understood. Can we go up to? I? We can like get into the process itself. I think that might be more helpful, though, to look at. 2 slides up here. 1 1 above here. Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: this may seem nitpicky, in which case Neil shout, and we can pull up. But
Jake Gutstein: Things are miscategorized
Jake Gutstein: on this chart, which I think can lead to a lack of clarity of thought so like at the like, very smallest like thing, the habit and anxieties typically will be flipped here.
Jake Gutstein: And the reason for that is that the habit is how things are and the push is where things are right now, whereas the pull is a desire like something in their head that they're moving towards, and the anxiety is the reason that they won't move towards that thing. And so like, when you talk about like, we don't need the bells and whistles that's actually a push.
Jake Gutstein: It's like when I'm paying for software, but I don't use half of it.
Jake Gutstein: you know. As opposed to an anxiety of of a a new solution, although they might be citing it as like I don't think I'm going to use this stuff
Jake Gutstein: for why they were switching to this, because I I don't know the the thing as well is like, everyone is using Clio, and it's the industry standard. Again, a push. That's a situation that people find themselves in.
Jake Gutstein: Rather than.
Techstars San Francisco: In the spirit of follow up. I think what you're saying is like they they might feel like they're they're falling behind by. Not because I think, Jake, what I'm hearing is a natural debate in a debrief. Right? Whenever we have a debrief. Sometimes we may not agree because he'll say, okay, I think everyone's using Cleo. I think that's a push, right? Because he's basically saying, I want to jump in and make sure I'm caught up. That can also be interpreted as a pull that example right? So I can totally see why it there. And this is a healthy push back and debate that I'm hearing from Jake.
Jake Gutstein: You really? Yeah, you really want to dig in those things. So like, we will argue in like the least comfortable ways in in these conversations on my team.
Jake Gutstein: yeah, I I think that just like being very clear that like the what what is though this top left is like the where I find myself right now. In, like what is happening. That's moving me to actually need to do something about this as opposed to like where I think I'm gonna end up so like again, like, I just needed to send out a few invoices so let me try this out that that, then, is going to be a pull. It's like, so I can send out a few invoices.
Techstars San Francisco: I see. Got it. Okay, that one's helpful. Yeah, that was helpful. Okay, cause the bells, the bells and whistle one that one's more of like. They looked at the solution that they were thinking about buying. They saw that there's so much there. They also really.
Jake Gutstein: Oh, you're you're saying like, how do I know that I'm going to actually make use of this platform? Not the product. I read it as the product I'm currently using has a lot of bells and whistles.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, yeah, no, it's split. Yeah, yeah.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, yeah. So then that can stay there. But then, yeah, again, similarly, like, need a way to get more work done because the
Jake Gutstein: the company is growing in size. It's like
Jake Gutstein: when the company is growing in. Size is one of these things, so I can get so I can get more billable hours.
Jake Gutstein: So I, as an individual, I'm reading that as can get more billable hours.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, I see. Got it. Okay.
Jake Gutstein: Those are 2 things.
Techstars San Francisco: We're talking nitpicky all the way here, like the heroes should go this way on the top.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, that that's why I was saying to call me out, because it's it's more concept. It's more conceptual. There.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I'll take it. Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: For sure. That that's why I was saying. Call me out that that's more conceptual. Like to. If you continue to run down and use this as like a general framework for how to adapt these things? The reason that, like those bottom ones, end up in in different corners, or the reason that they were ordered this way is because of the way that they kind of correspond to each other. In in.
Techstars San Francisco: You're right, definitely remember the image here.
Jake Gutstein: It's a visualization thing. It's like it doesn't matter. It can be in the top, right bottom, left. It's just like to. As a it felt like a.
Techstars San Francisco: Think about. Jake is like, we can basically say, you can go to a potential customer and say.
Techstars San Francisco: Hey, like, I know, you're probably nervous about keeping up with what's happening with AI. That's not what we're here to talk about. There's really practical things that we can give you to save you time make you more money? Right? So there's a way. Have a really compelling conversation and pitch that could give you some initial customers.
Techstars San Francisco: with the language that you've already got. But I like what's coming next year. Just as it's like an anecdote. I don't know why, but like I do have like random investors hitting me up about you guys like, it's the idea of tech in the legal space right now is becoming more enticing and interesting and curious. So wherever you guys have an iota confidence to start to experiment, I think it's gonna be informative to what you become.
Techstars San Francisco: But now I guess my big question is like, if you had to bet right now, based on just a little information you have and the focus on the 3 to 10 size offerings. What would you do?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I'd actually build an invoicing tool. Just to get to that point and then integrate with Cleo. Which is like the software that everyone uses because they have an app tool or app an app marketplace. Yeah. And you can integrate with them. And if they're already bringing so many users in there, and they're the industry leaders. Why not just build on top of that? And then, just like build like an invoice generator and like a timekeeper and throw it in there. And just so the reason I asked you for that hunch is that there is a way to conduct the next wave of interviews to inform the product development that invoicing? Yeah, much more narrow context.
Techstars San Francisco: So, Jake, I don't know if you see where I'm going with this, but we'd be curious to get your reaction to that. My-, My vote is like you got 6, 7, you know, weeks left
Techstars San Francisco: right here like until June. It'd be really cool if not only can we help you with the interviews, but you were simultaneously committing to a certain path on product development, running an exciting experiment, and then gaining the insights to help you with like making those key decisions that you go.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. So so let me make sure I get this clearly, because, like this is a debate that we have a lot, it's like we can go ahead and start
Techstars San Francisco: building. That is not intensive building, but just like building small projects around that, throw it away, throw it away. Okay? And so we don't have to wait to get more done to like start if you have a hunch. Yeah. So again, like, this isn't meant to stall you. This is meant to inspire and activate. Got it. Yeah, right? So what I'm sensing is that you guys might have a hunch as to what could work. Yeah, you might be wrong.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, right? So take a low lift, run an experiment and conduct the research alongside that will help that can inform whether we're in the right direction or not. But you're still not over engineering something in a way where you can't double back and still build a new if you need to. Yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: I don't know. I don't mean to be too prescriptive jay. Tell me if I'm being too. I'm taking it too far.
Jake Gutstein: No man. You you guys know what you need to do. So get out of the classroom.
Techstars San Francisco: Gosh, alright, thanks!
Techstars San Francisco: That's exciting, like this is great
Techstars San Francisco: cool. Thank you. Thanks, Jake, thanks.
Techstars San Francisco: Do it
Techstars San Francisco: like hard cut off people and cut off the discussion.
Techstars San Francisco: How many do we have left? We got 4, 1, 2, 3.
Techstars San Francisco: We'll include that 4. Okay, that's 10min each. Is that fair?
Techstars San Francisco: At least 10min.
Techstars San Francisco: Where's the camera?
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, I I see you now. You're now. You're not facing me, but you were before.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, hello.
Techstars San Francisco: okay. So I'm from sales play. And when we were trying to figure out where we want, like, how we want to do our jobs to be done. We were debating on between expanding into a new market or well, we kind of have to make this other product, so customers already paid for it. But you know, we were kind of deciding between which product to lead with. And so for the 1st rounds of jobs to be done. We're looking at this new market of like, how people are doing it today to make sure that we're building something that people would eventually want like, what are they hiring for? Things like that?
Techstars San Francisco: But I want to do. My next round is going to be our current kind of customers and people that are in our current market, so that that way we can cross. Compare them. So you think about this is kind of halfway through. So what we were looking at is we wanted to look at somebody who has hired either product marketing or content marketers or partner marketers to invest in creating content.
Techstars San Francisco: There you go.
Jake Gutstein: I hear. Yeah, I hear you. Well.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, for creating content and messaging for like a new vertical or a new market. Right? So I so far done 11 Jtv's, and from a lot of good big companies the ones along the bottom I didn't actually interview just for this. They were either current customers or active opportunities that I kind of still bucketed into my insights. The ones across the top are Jtv's that I've done, and then I still have, like another 9 that are scheduled. Yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: So who wants to commit recently paid money and administrative content?
Techstars San Francisco: Did you visiting?
Techstars San Francisco: Okay.
Techstars San Francisco: okay, okay, so yeah, so this is kind of my, my high level. How I'm thinking about this, as like, you know.
Techstars San Francisco: kind of. As I synthesize this down, I think there's this main trend that I'm seeing. And this isn't really doesn't fit into the jobs to be done. Framework. But it is like, you know, what's the process of what's happening. And I think the thing about the companies I'm going after is they're also big companies, right? So like, it's not just one person that makes this decision so like, what's the what's the timeline of what happens? Right? So typically, there's the Cro or the head of strategy, or the CEO
Techstars San Francisco: is like already kind of thinking about it, and like brainstorming and trying to figure out what they want to go into. Then they're setting their goals. And a lot of times it's like at the New Year or for the second half. And then they're saying, Okay, we're gonna expand into this new market right? And so after that, they go out and they hire a sales team, or they pay for a conference, or they pay for like they pay for something. They need some kind of investment, and then it seems like
Techstars San Francisco: marketing, and like content is like an afterthought of how do they support that team?
Techstars San Francisco: Right? Because what happens is then they go to the product marketing. And they're like, we need something to support this new team we have. We have this conference coming up, or we have this new partnership, and we need new materials, and the product marketers like can't just use the current materials. So some of the times they'll go through and they'll try to send to like localization, or they'll try to have like the design team, for like a new spin on their current contact. Then they send it over to the sales team. The sales team is like, this is much crap. We don't want this. We need better things like this is not deep enough.
Techstars San Francisco: And so that's when they have to go out there and hire most of the time. It's a full time person to go build something that's like deeply technical product marketing stuff.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, so that's like the typical like
Techstars San Francisco: like flow. And I, kinda that's a synthesization of here, I'm not gonna go through all this. But like, basically, that's this broken down. So I've kind of took like, the timeline. Okay. So
Techstars San Francisco: the 3 different buckets I really heard was or 4 really is. 2 of them are more like negative, and 2 of them are more exciting. Right? So in this case they want to, they have to support the sales team right? So either the sales team is unhappy or the sales team feels like they're losing a bunch of competition, or the sales team is like the materials that just that are we have right now, like aren't working. And they're unhappy. And so like.
Techstars San Francisco: okay, that's already 9min.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, so, okay, so yeah, so they need to basically support the sales team. And so like that product marketing and content marketing like, they all are there to support the sales team, and if the sales team is unhappy they gotta do something. So another one is like this kind of goes along with that if if the content they have isn't good enough, then they need to find some domain expertise to make better content. And so even like with ignite what she was saying is that like
Techstars San Francisco: they have, they have to like, create content to address a skills gap in their sales team right? Because their sales team doesn't know this stuff by default.
Techstars San Francisco: And then there's also the more excited part is like they're excited about a new partnership. So centel one chip with Google about AI, right? So they're really excited about this new market, about the growth, right? Trada made a partnership with Aws, where they're gonna be on the marketplace. So they were excited about that partnership. So they wanted to invest in making new content for that right? Or you know, it's just like a matter of like a lot of some of the people we're talking about like, primarily in 2021, when everything was like growth at all costs.
Techstars San Francisco: So they're like launching new personas. They're launching new verticals like they're just excited about growing. And like, you know, if you have to take your, if you're expecting a 30% growth in the next year. They're gonna say, some justify it with some new market they're going to expand into is like where that's gonna come from. And so, yeah.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, yeah, you wanna when you close out on this, and then we'll have Jake weigh in.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, I'll I'll be quick. So basically, I did the push in the polls. And then the most surprising thing was actually the the materials they make most often was different than what I was expecting with launching with. So this, this this graphic, I haven't updated in like a week. So there's actually a lot more stats to it, but ultimately, like the things that I was going to make us. Deliverables are different. So that's good. That's it.
Jake Gutstein: Quite a.
Techstars San Francisco: Yes.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah. So what was I have 2 clarifying questions. What was that last slide that you just showed.
Techstars San Francisco: This one so from our con, our product actually makes deliverable like assets. Right? So like we can make your slides, we can make your ebooks. We can make your like one pagers and your things like that.
Jake Gutstein: In in what you thought you were delivering to these customers is different than yes, the actual one.
Techstars San Francisco: Product, and I was gonna have it make your slides and like a thought leadership piece, and like a top of funnel like blog post. But then it turns out that, like, you know, the slides and then a web page, and then a battle card are the top ones, and then the data sheet was like one that I didn't even have really on my list. And data sheet. Seems like it's a big one.
Jake Gutstein: Got it. And then, in terms of the you spoke to this as a potential pivot, and you want to talk to your current customers to better understand what they're buying from you.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, so those are.
Jake Gutstein: The next.
Techstars San Francisco: Products that we have and our current product is account planning. And then we're kind of launching this new one that's go to market segment. So we're basically, we started off with the sales team. And now we're making a new one. That's like product marketing in a box.
Jake Gutstein: Got it.
Jake Gutstein: Let's talk about this 1st piece, and then we can go into that if if you'd like to. I really I I thought this was great. And also again, like you did have the slide on jobs, but, like the 1st couple of slides, spoke exactly to the framework as
Jake Gutstein: as it's written right like. There is this prescriptive story of events like, I don't know what their timeline is to hit these targets when the
Jake Gutstein: vague goal is given to them, and on the flip side, like they may be excited about what they have to do. They may not understand it at all. I don't know how quickly they have to turn around those assets. I'm surprised to hear that members of the sales team don't have knowledge on the product that they're selling. But I guess that that's something that
Jake Gutstein: you you found, and it hits like it aligns really well with that we there's an exciting new target that we need to hit. And to do it we need to enter a new market, because that also to me would signal. I don't know I don't have deep domain expertise. We I was hired to sell this thing. And now you're having me go into that area. And so I definitely see the parallels there.
Jake Gutstein: oh, yeah, overall. I thought that it was like fairly well played out. I can't speak to the other. You know, you obviously want to remain disciplined, and what you're coming to market with, and make sure that you're not biting off more than you guys can chew. But as long as you're not like it sounds like an exciting opportunity.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, yeah. And there's gonna be more, too. So I think I have to finish the full analysis. This is like a half ass version of the analysis, but, like the other 9, and then do the other team. And then I'll do like a full analysis.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, I mean, I'm going to be curious for Neil's thoughts, too. But if you flash forward to that Cro to the product manager slide like this was a very that's a very detailed that one.
Jake Gutstein: that, or the product marketer.
Techstars San Francisco: Not here. Okay.
Jake Gutstein: You. You have a very detailed understanding of what the position that these people are going to be in when you are ready to sell them a product. This is again kind of hitting that bucket of like. You both have that. And then you're going to understand what they need to do like what they're looking for in this situation like we'll help you, for example, fill in the blanks when you don't know what you're selling. I think that you're in a pretty powerful position to start swinging here unless I'm missing something critical.
Techstars San Francisco: We met with that, Jake, and the only ask I have is that like, I think you all are down the you remember the the jobs to be done to do list that I've made for everybody. There's a to do down there like with the 2h meeting with Neil like do the synthesis?
Techstars San Francisco: I mean, I do. Wanna we have a whole bunch like I have another one tonight at 5, like, I want to get a little farther through. Yeah, yeah. So I want to get a little farther through. And I do want to do some like a current customers like, Okay, unless you want to do like just this batch, and then do it so that I can prepare myself for that.
Jake Gutstein: You you guys, you guys can have a conversation now on like, I'm not going to volunteer Neil's time. But, like, you guys can have a conversation now over Boxer, I think, where like
Jake Gutstein: you, you, this this is ready to
Jake Gutstein: move unless you really do think that there's gonna be insight from the current customer base. But I remember that there was a reason that you started here just from a few weeks ago.
Jake Gutstein: there's gonna be insight from if there is not significant insight from the new customer base, and then some alarm bells going off, just based on like past dead bodies of like going into product marketing while you're like still in
Jake Gutstein: or where, with these new assets that you're talking about when you're still in these old, trying to sell for the 1st time.
Techstars San Francisco: Right right.
Techstars San Francisco: There might be a modification to the questions for the remaining 8 that you have scheduled in the same category
Techstars San Francisco: even before.
Carlo Scaglia: Right, so we might so nice to meet you.
Techstars San Francisco: It's okay. So what I was trying to say is for the next 8.
Techstars San Francisco: If I can like, maybe review a little bit of your insights and how you got to these points. With the 1st 11,
Techstars San Francisco: I might help drive more insights from those 8 that you're going to do. Yeah, I would love to help you all.
Techstars San Francisco: Thank you. Awesome. Well done!
Techstars San Francisco: Alright! What's up next?
Techstars San Francisco: Sorry, she called it. Sit down, Hi, Jake.
Jake Gutstein: Let's go.
Techstars San Francisco: So
Techstars San Francisco: Last time we talked it was about my usage problem for helping dealerships sell more cars
Techstars San Francisco: so we've done 12 jobs to be done. One of the things we talked about when we 1st presented this was, We have a lot of stakeholders. We made the decision to start with the salespeople, and then go to the general managers who are hires. But at the same point we also do need to talk to the sales managers who are going to enforce it with the salespeople, and then on top of that with the customers, because in the end, if you can't make the customer convince them to buy the vehicle. They're not going to buy it
Techstars San Francisco: so
Techstars San Francisco: well. Just a little bit of context. I came into this thinking that here are the problems, you know. The from what they tell us is they're not following the right process. They're gonna miss opportunities. They're not putting the information to the Crm. Customers are buying vehicles that they didn't come in on. And they're just not good at following up. So we built everything under this context.
Techstars San Francisco: And after our jobs to be done definitely, seeing some patterns between both salespeople and the managers. So the 1st thing is, this is one thing that we knew it is, you know, the lack of product knowledge at the dealership. It makes sales people uneasy. It's something that all the salespeople have related to. They feel awful, and it makes them feel dumb. They feel unprofessional. They don't feel credible.
Techstars San Francisco: Then I'm speeding through this obviously and then the second thing was that our shoppers actually lie about their budget. This wasn't 1 that I had really identified as something I needed to focus on, but it it came up over and over again, and same thing through general managers is like, Okay, customers come in saying one thing, but then they're actually holding things back. They're lying. So when they say their budget is $50,000, what are they actually trying to say? And they never get to that point to the very end. So it's a combination of both the customer and the management and the salesperson
Techstars San Francisco: not being able to get to that fast enough. So this is one thing that we wanted to maybe look into more.
Techstars San Francisco: The 3rd thing was a bit of a surprise. So for general managers and for some of the salespeople, this has come up multiple times of
Techstars San Francisco: they. The process is not being followed, but the problem with the process when it's when they when they're not following the process. What happens in the actual. The underlying problem is, the management doesn't have visibility into what's going on to the deal into that conversation. So by the time the customers gone they didn't have a chance to save the deal, and that's actually their coaching opportunity, which each person they're going back and forth with that.
Techstars San Francisco: So it's like, yeah, asking the right questions. But this is the result of that. So those are the 1st 3 things that we have found. Obviously, there's gonna be a lot more. So on the left side are the things that I originally thought I came from.
Techstars San Francisco: But this is not.
Techstars San Francisco: I wouldn't.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, it is what it is. But what? Actually looking at the root of the problem. So if they're not following with the process, and they're missing opportunities. What that actually means is they didn't uncover the actual budget or the use case, not the other fluffy questions. It actually is these 2 things. And they didn't put information into the Crm. And talk about garbage and garbage out. But what that actually means is that they're wasting marketing dollars because they're not following up on the right people
Techstars San Francisco: if they're saying that they landed on the wrong vehicle, and they actually bought something else with that is, they didn't give the right context for the manager to close the deal for them. So there's just a bunch of things that I'm trying to now that I'm realizing is like it's not actually it is on the surface, on the left side, but actual things on the right side.
Techstars San Francisco: So if the root causes what's on the left side that I just covered. This means that this tells me right now, these are assumptions of what I think I need to do. We're gonna go validate these with more questions. But the product needs to help with the surface to surface the actual budget and the real intent. We need to actually educate the sales, people, the managers as to what data entry impacts them.
Techstars San Francisco: The, we need to give managers visibility into how and when they should step in and they need to find the block of context. And I'm not gonna get to that. But anyways.
Techstars San Francisco: one thing that I realized during the synthesis is and I knew this going in is, I had a really hard time coming to that hinging moment like there wasn't an alternative thing that they were using outside of just a manual piece of paper, and that wasn't give. That was just giving me the surface level things. So going through the analysis. It was hard time. It was hard for me to find, like you know, what was the tool that you hired 6 months ago. That helped you like.
Techstars San Francisco: where did you convert? So our path and what he we had done was like, Okay, let's start with your biggest challenges and that kind of uncovered things. And we just tapped into those. So like, okay, those are your biggest challenges. What are the tools that you use to solve them? And why does that actually matter to you to uncover. Well, it was like the motivation of why that was important.
Techstars San Francisco: So we know that we have to do more interviews with more stricter screening criteria. And this is something that I want to talk to you about after this as well. But so again, we're still going to have to interview all of our our stakeholders, those general managers, the shoppers, managers, and the salespeople.
Techstars San Francisco: But then I have some questions about like the tightening of it. I don't know if you know this, but Jason is mirking this whole time. No, I've been. I've not.
Jake Gutstein: Just remember me when you're famous.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, my God!
Jake Gutstein: That was that was awesome. I'm conflicted, and more than happy to weigh 2 cents in that conversation with Neil, but also, like Neil obviously can let you know whether or not you need to have these conversations. Or if you guys need to start selling yesterday, or continue selling yesterday.
Jake Gutstein: this is so deeply badass like this is exactly
Jake Gutstein: what we're talking about, I think. and not to
Jake Gutstein: like like these are all like opportunities to improve, but like when when I was kind of hitting it, hinting at the vagueness when it came to the deep fake
Jake Gutstein: business. It's because, like what I'm hearing are statements like what
Jake Gutstein: you guys are highlighting at the beginning of your process and in having these conversations you've come to realize when they say one thing, they actually don't mean it like very recently with us, a leading cause of like bad churn was that people would tell us that we don't have enough recipes in the app, like literally, they stop paying us. These are people that spend a lot of time paying us. And it's like.
Jake Gutstein: what does that mean? Because one is you've done a fraction of the recipes that we have in zest. If you cooked every day with zest for 2 years you would still be cooking new recipes. So
Jake Gutstein: what does it mean that we don't have enough recipes? And when you actually talk to people what it means is like you didn't have the recipe I wanted like I was scrolling on Tiktok, and I came across something I want to cook, and I go to your app, and you didn't have that recipe, or like I was watching a cooking thing on Youtube with my partner, and I wanted to make that thing to impress them. And you guys didn't have that. And it's like a moment that we're like, Faith just breaks in the system. You're having those things like
Jake Gutstein: lying is such an interesting word. But, like literally, you can sit down with these salespeople now and be like this is how you get your customers to stop lying to you. And it's like they're not actually lying. They're doing the exact same thing these salespeople are doing, which is telling you what they think they can do. And then realizing over the course of the conversation, they're not actually prepared for it. And so
Jake Gutstein: I think that there's some like pretty core critical insights that you've hacked into here. Whether or not you have enough to just like really start building, shipping and testing I'll I'll let Neil weigh in on, because I know there are multiple stakeholders that you're trying to understand here, but directionally, and what you've done with these people, I think, is really special.
Techstars San Francisco: Completely agree with Jake. You understood the assignment completely. I love the next step for the research, but I also want to simultaneously
Techstars San Francisco: deploy actions on the insights you have, because it's a
Techstars San Francisco: what you have is enough to take action. So let's talk about the the load balancing of those those priorities. But I don't know. Are you excited about this? Okay, what was the most surprising thing?
Techstars San Francisco: that I actually was able to come to these insights because it felt like scattered yesterday. It was like 1130 with anchor, and and Carlo in the in the speakeasy like they're like trying to talk me down.
Jake Gutstein: I I will say that, like, you guys also hit on something really, really important here, which is I think I said this, maybe at the beginning. But like, I literally think of, like the 5 steps in this jobs process as like batteries that can reach a hundred percent.
Jake Gutstein: And it's a it's a it's a sum product of how full the 5 batteries are to determine how well you're going to do so like you guys have a very difficult moment around purchase. And so you're going to lose efficiency in that process. But you actually were able to hack it with what you have here on the top right? That's going to happen at every stage when you lay out a screening criteria, learning objective conduct, the interviews, cluster the interviews and actually turn them into design requirements for your business. And so it's like
Jake Gutstein: understanding like, being comfortable kind of sucking at this, but maximizing what you get out of each phase is is like the critical thing. And you guys really were able to kind of hone in on this, because I remember when you were when you were struggling on the with with that top left like the most recent purchase. And they're not adopting. And all this stuff.
Techstars San Francisco: Thank you so much
Techstars San Francisco: that was awesome.
Techstars San Francisco: We're gonna learn how to hold mice just below the top part, not on the top part, and if your hand goes too low, that's what causes the feedback.
Techstars San Francisco: Good morning. My!
Techstars San Francisco: Isn't a cold sandbagger. What?
Techstars San Francisco: How do I let me talk about it.
Techstars San Francisco: Sorry.
Techstars San Francisco: Hi, Jay, what's up, guys?
Techstars San Francisco: And it's analysis of the Jtvd and action points. I'll try to be fast.
Techstars San Francisco: So we started this with an approach of the screening criteria, of talking to brand content managers of
Techstars San Francisco: clients that we will work with, and had worked with us at least twice within 3 months.
Techstars San Francisco: I thought it was a good start, because.
Techstars San Francisco: you know, we had a bunch of different clients, and I wasn't sure where to go or why they came to us.
Techstars San Francisco: So I was like, you know, I might as well start with these peeps and see why they are coming to us, because I kind of acquired them.
Techstars San Francisco: I wouldn't say by mistake, but just randomly, through events. And they like what we did. And they used us
Techstars San Francisco: also. Yeah, sorry, Jake. I forgot to give you context about what we do.
Techstars San Francisco: And so Missouri is a global network of like the world's best photographers and video makers. And through a platform. We allow them to build custom production teams so that they can produce content everywhere really easily, and we probably sell to agencies make their life easier.
Jake Gutstein: So agencies will be like, I'm filming in Toronto, and they'll go on your platform and be able to see everybody in one place.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, exactly, pretty much so. We work with clients like Airbnb or Skyscanner, 0 insurance and things like that. They just need constant production really easily, and they find the right people.
Techstars San Francisco: And then once they find the right people, triggers like an operating system with chats, contracts, payments that handle each campaign.
Techstars San Francisco: But anyways, this was the 1st green criteria, but as I did it, I kind of realized that brands didn't have so much of an issue.
Techstars San Francisco: because every time I talk to brands we're like, yeah, we gotta make content. I was like, Well, why? Like, you have Kpis, and we're like, Yeah, we've got content, Kpis, to meet of quota like, Well, why do you have? Why do you need to produce X amount of content?
Techstars San Francisco: What's the reason for it? They're like, Oh, because our competition does it?
Techstars San Francisco: I was like, Okay, fine. But that doesn't seem like that much of a pain.
Techstars San Francisco: And then I started to speak to the producers of
Techstars San Francisco: agency. So I went a little bit off script. I cheated a little. My screen criteria, and the producers were like, no, we have to do it otherwise. We don't make money in the sense that if they don't deliver for a client, if they're not able to deliver on a pitch. If they're late to a production, any of those things, they lose a client, they don't gain a client, so they miss out on revenue.
Techstars San Francisco: so that kind of sparked a harmon and realized that agencies feel the pain point a lot
Techstars San Francisco: sharper because they actually need to make money and the content production is tied to a revenue sum
Techstars San Francisco: instead of brands that's just tied to a quantity sum.
Techstars San Francisco: So
Techstars San Francisco: this kind of changed my approach, and I went down New Rabbit hole of Jtvds with producers of medium sized independent agencies, because they're growing a lot faster than the large ones that kind of dying off now.
Techstars San Francisco: And so this is where kind of highlighted 3 key themes for agencies. One of them is retentions. Let's say delay makes us lose clients.
Techstars San Francisco: They're too slow, they said. I'm delivering on a on either a current brief or I'm proposing a brief or anything like that. They've lost a client that's budget the window.
Techstars San Francisco: I want some brand sticks to an agency, they don't really change. So a lost client is really really important for an agency.
Techstars San Francisco: The 3, rd the second part is winning more. The fact that agencies can also answer these pitches faster, which is, I guess, off the back of what I said before, but it gives them the ability to participate in more pitches so they can win more, and that kind of leads to the last one that they can do more work without hiring extra people.
Techstars San Francisco: So agencies actually say no to a lot of jobs, just because either they don't have the staff or the margins will be too low. If they were to ship their staff out. Now, they can actually work on
Techstars San Francisco: endless more jobs because it's if they have, like a global production team at their disposal
Techstars San Francisco: in 2 seconds. So those were the 3 main things. I didn't really do a a forces diagram. Because I think in the layout it looks weird when you present it.
Techstars San Francisco: but I'm aware of it.
Techstars San Francisco: But what this kind of led to me, I think, rather than the forces side was more of an action point. So for me, it really cleared up who to go after? Because before I wasn't sure it was like, Do I go after brands. They go after startups, they go after agencies. What kind of agencies? Where now I know exactly who I need to target? I focus on producers. Producers are the ones that sign the contract producers, the ones that use the platform.
Techstars San Francisco: So it's kind of good, because my, as consumers are also my users, makes life a lot easier instead with brands. My consumer was a different person from my user
Techstars San Francisco: makes my go to market a lot easier. It's been simpler to condense where the main agencies are with the kind of size that I want and the tickets that I want actually mainly based in New York.
Techstars San Francisco: That's also made my life quite a bit easier, and also with the product side, like, I was getting distracted with other things, like
Techstars San Francisco: an AI creative director, which sounds cool, takes a bunch of information, prompts ideas.
Techstars San Francisco: Next, one could also help me clarify this one. Then I realized, agencies don't need this. They already have the belief they don't need more ideas. They just want to like a place to execute and manage each campaign individually.
Techstars San Francisco: It's okay. Well, let's build that. So then. Now we're adding chats, contracts, payments
Techstars San Francisco: that all kind of trigger as soon as brief starts and then close down soon as brief ends.
Techstars San Francisco: So they're not littered with endless email threads.
Techstars San Francisco: And this is all. We will be ready. Come soon.
Techstars San Francisco: Immense cook. This kind of leads onto the action points which have been able to have very clear outreach strategy with very clear kpis, which for me, I need in terms of like where I'm going, how we're doing I can maybe test different messages.
Techstars San Francisco: I was able to draft up a new website really easily. Also, from mental madness, I realized that the messaging was super unclear from our previous website. And then, after Jtbds and mental madness, I was like, Okay, I know exactly what my clients want to read and what they want to see. And so in like a few hours, just put up a new okay website.
Techstars San Francisco: And this has also allowed me to start bringing new people into the team, because I know where to focus my efforts
Techstars San Francisco: and where I need support on. So yeah, that's us, go ahead, Jake.
Jake Gutstein: Cure my repeat back to me what you guys do.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, it's it's a global network. It's a curated network.
Techstars San Francisco: are the world's best photographers and video makers. They're also like visual effects. Artists, 3D artists and things like that.
Techstars San Francisco: And we they're all hosted on a platform, and we sell access to the platform to well agencies. Now. So whenever agencies need to do productions, especially because they don't have enough filmmakers on hand, they come to us, find the right people.
Techstars San Francisco: initiate a campaign, pull everything there and then close it.
Jake Gutstein: So property manager listing on Airbnb will hire an agency. Who then goes to you guys to source the photographers.
Techstars San Francisco: No, it's like Ibm, you know, all the experiences on Ibm that you can like book experiences through it.
Techstars San Francisco: And they want to shoot, content to promote that because it's like global. And they can't go everywhere. They'll just find the right creators in the right place through us to shoot it.
Techstars San Francisco: or like we had.
Jake Gutstein: So Airbnb has an internal team that goes directly to you guys to shoot experiences.
Techstars San Francisco: Through an agency, and then the agency commissioned us.
Jake Gutstein: Understood. Oh, okay,
Jake Gutstein: yeah, I guess. There, there are like pretty key insights that you guys came across. So like when the 1st and 3, rd I want to highlight in particular, like when a delay made us lose clients. If that's actually something that happened. That's copy that you can speak to directly, or that's an experience that you can speak to directly for these people. That sounds terrible. When are they actively? These conversations that you had. People are turning work down.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. So like to give an idea. You know, we're able to.
Techstars San Francisco: Our an agency was able to win a contract with Ford because I had to produce content in 4 different countries.
Techstars San Francisco: but each deliverable in each country was like 2 lights to send out a production crew, but now they're able to win it because they could use our network.
Jake Gutstein: Did you hear stories of agencies that turn that a contract like that down? Or are you only hearing stories of people who you're selling to. Who now can accept those contracts?
Jake Gutstein: There is.
Techstars San Francisco: But the agency is.
Jake Gutstein: Current. You spoke to current customers.
Techstars San Francisco: I spoke 1st I began with current customers. Then I moved on to new agencies, and they all said they turned down jobs
Techstars San Francisco: because maybe they're not quite right for their margins.
Jake Gutstein: What does that mean?
Jake Gutstein: It's like the one that I just mentioned, like they have 2 projects that they'd like to do. But the budget is not high enough.
Jake Gutstein: Oh, yeah, that. Yeah, yeah, that's great. So not it's not. They're not turning work down because of staffing. It's actually one level even deeper than that which is like from a margin like from a margin perspective. If I could hire somebody out there we'd be able to take this on but I can't fly somebody out there.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: And and before they would be flying, somebody out there.
Techstars San Francisco: Exactly, but also like
Techstars San Francisco: maybe that could fly someone out there. But the person fly out there is already engaged in another job.
Jake Gutstein: Right, but those are 2 different kind of
Jake Gutstein: That's my situation.
Jake Gutstein: To speak to. One is the margin situation that you're talking about. The other is my head count is too low.
Jake Gutstein: Okay, I think those are both good, because, like I guess the highlight there would be that those are 2 pushes that lead to the. So I can do more work.
Jake Gutstein: Which is that 3rd thing that you highlighted does that.
Techstars San Francisco: I didn't hear you on that one. What you said.
Jake Gutstein: There. There are 2 distinct scenarios that are actually could happen independently of one another, that both lead to that last insight, that 3rd insight that you had up on the board, which is so. I can do more work.
Techstars San Francisco: Yes.
Jake Gutstein: Right and so like kind of having those being able like, we'll, what we'll do is like, really, quickly. We can figure out exactly which one of the 4 things that we typically sell to speaks to you the most
Jake Gutstein: and being able to bucket those people down really quickly, because one is going to be like, maybe they care about both. But probably there's a Max diff between like the thing that actually matters to them, because then that second piece that you have like, so I can win more.
Jake Gutstein: is like, yeah. But I'd be surprised if that's
Jake Gutstein: maybe it does close a ton for you, but it's kind of just like everyone wants to make more money.
Jake Gutstein: you know.
Techstars San Francisco: That makes sense.
Jake Gutstein: More nuance like you're you're hinting, like you have a lot of nuance in your head that I think could be worth codifying.
Techstars San Francisco: I got that.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, that's also like, that's where, like damn! Who legalies, who we were just talking to, where it's like the debate with the co-founder like. That's where this stuff comes out, because you actually just want to literally like, sit down with your co-founder and be like, well, I heard this. Well, I heard this, so you can either clarify that language, or like literally separate into 2 line items. When these things are different.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, who are you doing your debrief with?
Techstars San Francisco: So this is a solo mission? Yeah. So so he's a solo founder, James. So the thing is that Carlo, I think, needs challenge him as he processes these insights. That being said, I'm proud of the insights, and I'm ready to get to work on them, and I'm happy to like spar with you a little bit on what you learn as well.
Jake Gutstein: I I think I think there's a lot in here is like what I I want to make sure that I'm being clear in that, Neil, are you picking up what I'm putting down like? Can you run with where we're at.
Techstars San Francisco: Yes, yes, I'm with you.
Jake Gutstein: Cool. I mean, I think what we could do, Jake, if you're open to it is, why don't we both jam on that?
Jake Gutstein: Oh, for sure.
Techstars San Francisco: Right.
Techstars San Francisco: Cool thanks, Jake, thanks. Peeps.
Techstars San Francisco: Harvest.
Jake Gutstein: I am audio lists right?
Techstars San Francisco: Can you hear me?
Jake Gutstein: Oh, yeah, what's going on.
Techstars San Francisco: Alright!
Techstars San Francisco: Alright! We are harvest. We automate web research and data entry workflows. That power apps
Techstars San Francisco: their way to.
Jake Gutstein: Wait!
Techstars San Francisco: Full screen.
Jake Gutstein: Say, say that to me one more time.
Techstars San Francisco: We automate web research and data entry workflows at power apps.
Jake Gutstein: We'll get into it.
Jake Gutstein: Okay? Alright, yeah. Just so that I like, understand, when you're talking about.
Techstars San Francisco: Think it'll become very clear over the course of this, and you can help us with that.
Techstars San Francisco: Is there a way to full screen this.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, got it? Okay? Okay, sweet.
Techstars San Francisco: cool so quickly. Just wanted to go through like a timeline of how we have been building in general, and where a lot of the insights come from, so that it's a little bit a little bit different, maybe, than how other people are doing it. So those early prototyping I was solo and then Andrew joined. He had a lot more insights about
Techstars San Francisco: from a hedge fund perspective, but we still didn't really know we had a prototype signal from early paid users. That we shipped really fast. As a way to do early discovery ship features ship improvements from those early prototype users. And I kind of did a lot of Linkedin post videos on Youtube. Then we use kind of product usage as signal.
Techstars San Francisco: So once we saw users come onto our product analytics, we went to email them, text them, live chat, DM, them, or, you know, use Linkedin to just follow up really fast. And then we joined techstars. And we started the process of what we call our jobs light process
Techstars San Francisco: because we basically took, we're moving from a lot of product usage signal to a much more rigorous process of interviewing our users and actually understanding kind of business problems. And I think, the Po, the point of what you're gonna see over the course of this is like how we're moving, how we're transitioning away from some of that away, but how we're kind of combining the 2 worlds together.
Techstars San Francisco: And so kind of what we're doing now is going to be basically implementing a proper jobs framework. We're still gonna use some of that product usage as feedback and and and kind of feedback points. But basically, yeah, we've already started that process. And now, you know, today is like, kind of presenting it to you guys.
Techstars San Francisco: So yeah. So from from that early from those early days product usage, we basically had, we went through. And we made like 7 cohorts. And that's actually true. And then from it we picked 2 that we felt we could provide actual insights to, or we could actually try and drive some business value from or 2. Primarily, one was product usage led. So this is someone who is using the product and actually paying for it, who is doing pricing analysis. And the other was kind of experience led. This is especially from my co-founder, Andrew. Yeah, he comes from a hedge fund background and
Techstars San Francisco: knows a lot about training financial models. So we started with those 2 primary cohorts as our focus points that moved into kind of like creating that funnel, we did kind of 37, 200 plus outreaches.
Techstars San Francisco: We gotta track all them but 37 Jtbd screens. These are well tracked. And then kind of what we did. Jtbd, light is what we call it mainly because, there were so many cohorts that we were actually struggling to be able to get any single one into like a 30min kind of conversation, we were still able to do 3 formal Jtbds. Which kind of inform a lot of what we're moving forward with. But we kind of are combining a lot of that Jtb, light with the formal Jtb with product usage. To like. Kind of inform our insights.
Techstars San Francisco: So yeah, those kind of what were those focus groups we want to speak with, especially people who are paying for harvest. At the time we felt we could bring on more people quickly. That didn't quite work out. So that group a kind of has an asterisk on it. We wanted to find people essentially analysts at investment firms who are conducting data driven due diligence on at least 20 web pages, or more primarily to conduct pricing analysis.
Techstars San Francisco: They often those users. They often struggle to find accurate values on things like perplexity and chat. Gpt the second was the experience led one which was on the Hedge Fund side. Specifically, data straight strategist at hedge funds who had hired a data engineer or outsourced it to be able to create
Techstars San Francisco: a Usable data set from a whole bunch of unstructured data so that they can evaluate the predictive power of like a particular data source. Yeah, good question. Yeah. So the consumer. Vc. Who wanted to compare like 5 potential investment opportunities, or compared and compare those against existing companies in the market. They wanted to. He wanted to do more than just pure pricing analysis. He wanted to like sentiment analysis
Techstars San Francisco: on potentially user feedback. He wanted to do. Hey? Is this considered luxury. Is this like a happy tone. For a particular like, hey? Is? Are the sweaters on this page made for like hipsters?
Techstars San Francisco: And he wanted to be able to price those and put those together. Yeah, is that in the spirit of supporting the existing portfolio? Oh, sorry both. Yeah. Okay. But but in the specific use cases that he was doing it for that he, like we talked about, were for potential.
Techstars San Francisco: That's 5min, and that's 5 o'clock. If anyone needs to step out. If you need to step out, feel free, I'll stick around until we're done. I have a meeting with Vivian after this, and then bowling in the lobby at 5, 35
Techstars San Francisco: for polling. But we still have trends after this. If you want to stick around because we have one more.
Techstars San Francisco: I want to speak, and then we want to speak with research analysts and hedge funds. These are a little bit more complete. I want to move quickly. So I'm going to go through that one a little bit faster. But basically smaller teams that have these are research analysts who have a larger role than just pure data strategy. They're incentivized by actually just increasing trading profits, not just finding data sources.
Techstars San Francisco: What we found. They had. Actually. So this is for the Vc investment firm side. There was not as much pull as we'd expected. I mean, we weren't fully sure. But the push is like, Hey, the existing AI tools give us inaccurate, incomplete, unactionable results. The pull is that, hey? For him this analyst was, like all of my competitors are not doing rigorous pricing analysis.
Techstars San Francisco: So I want to stand out and harvest makes it super easy for me to be rigorous with pricing analysis.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, yeah, the habits. Basically, he's this user also has a lot of options. So he was he talked about, hey? Like, I went back from like chat Gpt, I went to pro at $200. That didn't really do it. I tried perplexity. Pro so kind of the habit of like, hey, I'm already using a lot of these AI tools. I'm I'm gonna use harvest first.st But if it doesn't get the job done, I'm gonna go back to those things so like there's pretty high like.
Techstars San Francisco: you know, if it doesn't work right away they're going to go back. And then the anxiety of like, hey? Is my work really going to be recognized? This is probably like one of the bigger ones is like
Techstars San Francisco: what we found. And it's gonna come on. The latest slide is that
Techstars San Francisco: he is doing this more out of what we say here is okay. It's okay for me. Oh, sorry.
Techstars San Francisco: No one's asking me to do this. I'm doing this because I think it's kind of fun and cool. And I can create better due diligence reports. But we're kind of okay with what we have, right? And so
Techstars San Francisco: the next, which was for Vcs or Sorry Hedge funds, is the kind of sentiment is I'd rather buy data sources and do this myself than like, build it myself. Using harvest. The push is actually really great here. They need, they want data pushes. They want new data sources are constantly looking for new data sources to get edge over their competitors.
Techstars San Francisco: The poll is like, it's there, like, I can get data from any public data I want to. That's that's great. But it's not like they pull from a lot of other sources that are private sources. And so there's not a huge pull. Actually, for a lot of these data strategists to actually want something to harvest
Techstars San Francisco: habits. Habits were a big one for them. Buying data sets is so much simpler. They don't. They want to be decision makers. They don't really want to go and sit down like type and prompt and build these data sets from scratch because they have a lot of capital to deploy. They're more interested in saying, Hey, can I just can this drive
Techstars San Francisco: predictive power for my engineering team. And can we create that training profits and pulls here what's at stake
Techstars San Francisco: like I'm I'm unclear on on either end of those finding a good data source that that drives predictive power for the firm.
Techstars San Francisco: Because if I don't, what happens for for them, I mean, they just like I have to move on like if for the company, you know, for this individual
Techstars San Francisco: the stakes like right here I'm seeing like there's another layer of what's at risk. Yes. So the anxiety is basically they're going to find a data source. And it won't perform well with our algorithms.
Techstars San Francisco: So this is a data strategist who has to give that data source to an data engineer. And then they're going to be like, this doesn't do anything. We can't find any predictive power from this.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, that person, I mean
Techstars San Francisco: the people we're interviewing. Their title is data strategies. Their job is to go and find interesting data sets. They can hand to researchers and say there might be predictive power here. Yes.
Techstars San Francisco: if they don't find it, then yes, if they're not sourcing new sources that have predictive power, then yes, they lose a job at some point at some point upside to them is if they are finding useful new data sources that we give to researchers that turn into Alpha. That's trading profits. Then that is the upside to them. That's where they're going. Alpha, that has trading profits is what we're talking about.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah. And also like looking at harvest, they're like this would take a huge amount of work to do for themselves, because they can just go make a call and purchase the data set, and it'll just come right into their hands. Yeah, so.
Jake Gutstein: I'm confused. They're telling you actively that they're not going to buy you.
Techstars San Francisco: So. Yes. Well, harvest doesn't actually give you the data source like directly in your hand. You do need to like prompt it. You need to tell it what sources you want.
Jake Gutstein: And it is saying that these people are saying we do not want to do that.
Techstars San Francisco: Correct. Correct. They're like, yeah, we kind of like.
Techstars San Francisco: we'd rather just buy it. Unless unless you can prove to us there's huge like predictive power, that no one else has insight into.
Jake Gutstein: That's very helpful. It's more. It's as helpful to know what you don't want to go after, or who you don't want to go after, as it is to know who.
Techstars San Francisco: They basically want to be decision makers. They don't want to build things and sorry. That's a repeat. So basically, the learnings from this is analysts at investment firms.
Techstars San Francisco: They they, you know, generally the analysts that have technical degrees. They have a desire to be rigorous with their work. They want to stand out to their firms and managers.
Techstars San Francisco: but they're unclear if going above and beyond and doing something that maybe the industry doesn't really do is actually going to get recognition. It's also unclear. If these results are going to improve the outcomes of the business right? Same with hedge funds, they need a significant amount of data to train financial models which harvest cannot serve them affordably right now. So they're seeing our product. They're like.
Techstars San Francisco: I'm not going to do this, and data also view themselves as decision makers instead of builders. So that and we do think that we can still deliver value to smaller teams with less capital where they don't have. They can't buy big data sets, but generally the product is not ready for this right now, so we won't actively pursue this yet.
Techstars San Francisco: Then I've talked about those 6 other cohorts businesses that want to consume insights directly. Right? So they need to search
Techstars San Francisco: We were. Still. Obviously, we focus on those 2. But I wanted to include the other 5 that we were still engaging at a lower kind of basis, not as frequently, but they want to search for information. They want insights, they want to. They prefer using vertical intelligence. Sas products like sales play X, for example, instead of just like trying to source it themselves.
Techstars San Francisco: They don't want to put an effort and lift to build out the rest of the product for the entire vertical like we'd have to build out sales, play X actually serve those people. So we won't actively pursue this unless we can find like 7, you know, 7 figure tickets.
Techstars San Francisco: With all that said we've we've started to find, I think, what is going to be a lot more what we think a lot simpler. Instead of trying to go to those businesses directly we're going to sell to the vertical insights teams that they use.
Techstars San Francisco: So, for example, in sales, intelligence product like sales play internally, they pay people. They pay an Ops analyst at an intelligence tech Sas team who wastes literally 7 to 10HA week, gathering and structuring web data to power their product.
Techstars San Francisco: Those insights from the web are served to their end user through various, and they combine a whole bunch of different other things. And harvest is one of the sources. It's a cut of these core insights that they need
Techstars San Francisco: and we also want to be able to speak to the CEO and Ceos at those intelligent Saas teams because they are struggling to make that Ops team a profitable unit within it.
Techstars San Francisco: And I'll I'll go deeper into that. So these are early findings for these newer kind of clusters. On Ops. Basically, this is just unrewarding mind numbing work. What they're gonna do is literally open up websites. I can speak to it directly. But they're gonna open up websites. They're gonna go like, literally read particular websites on a company and copy and paste those into an excel sheet about what the company's verticals are those customer stories, and then they're gonna go and upload that to their products. Database.
Techstars San Francisco: So it's a huge kind of waste of time. And it's not really rewarding. Perplexity and deep research can't really do this for them, and that doesn't give them all the information they need. They need from the sources they choose from the CEO or from like the top level management is, they need to be profitable. We have a
Techstars San Francisco: paying user guys. We pay $4,000 right now to pay contractors. To do this we charge our own customers 2,000 with harvest. We're expecting to be able to bring that down to a thousand and be profitable.
Techstars San Francisco: Another one recently told us, we spend 50 KA year in a hodgepodge of products. My ass is on the line if I miss this
Techstars San Francisco: and then another recently saying I was considering paying more contractors to do this work so that I can scale
Techstars San Francisco: Jake, this is hopefully answering your question. Now, at the end,
Techstars San Francisco: at an insights based at insights based software products, there is a sector. There is this hub inside of these, in inside of these companies that are doing manual web data, research and data entry.
Techstars San Francisco: We are in the process right now of finding out. Hey it! How repeatable is this? How common is this amongst these sales and teller these Intelligence tech platforms? And if we find that, hey, we can. Actually, this is really repeatable. Our product can sell today right now, with not a lot of other new like additions. And we can sell the same vision, each one very much. So. But the main thing is obviously across these different intelligence
Techstars San Francisco: tech platforms. There's different types of intelligence tech. So there's compliance and regulation.
Techstars San Francisco: oh, sorry that shouldn't have been state sales, compliance and regulation tech, not sales tech and sales intelligence tech. They are of the same. They're different verticals, but they are conducting the same process. We know about those 2, because we've spoken to those people and instead of trying to sell directly to the Sas customer. We're going to stop on that for a bit, not saying we're not going to ever do it. We're just saying we're gonna halt on this and see actually, if there's a better vertical we can go after here and sell to those vertical Saas intelligence products directly.
Techstars San Francisco: Great Jake.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, as you get this initial distribution, you're gonna be describing internally who you're selling to to a degree that makes you feel like there is no business like it's gonna be so specific.
Jake Gutstein: And so I wouldn't be perturbed by that. You don't need to like hedge any of it as well, what it shows is signals is focus is the fact that you guys went into this like, I talked to a lot of my friends who are on the investing side of the table, and I've seen the exact same thing colloquially where they're trying everything. It's a dime a dozen. It's a race to the bottom. And like, if you scroll like.
Jake Gutstein: they're on Gemini 2.5 today, because, like, you know it like people just like it more now and then they'll be on the next model tomorrow.
Jake Gutstein: what do compliance and regulation tech companies call this work?
Jake Gutstein: What do they act? What do they call it?
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, we're going to be speaking to actually brought this up to us. We're gonna be speaking to him this week next week.
Techstars San Francisco: That's fine.
Jake Gutstein: I I don't know this to be true. I just.
Techstars San Francisco: Well, I do have some early answers. That's why. Obviously, because we have spoken to other ones. Basically.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah. So so like, they're basically looking. They want to look at board meeting minutes, which are published regularly, and they want to be able to make sure that, hey? If we're if we're selling to a real estate business, then there aren't new hoa, or, like, you know, new regulations for warehouses can be built and cannot be built, and they want to be up to date as.
Jake Gutstein: That part of it I get, and I understand, like, if Claude is for artists, you guys are for accuracy like that. That is clear to me, I think, like manual web data research and or, yeah, manual web data, research and data entry is
Jake Gutstein: I now I understand it conceptually. But I have a feeling that they're able to talk about it in shorthand in a way that will let you put it in a little tagline at the bottom of that 1st slide so that everybody gets it. I don't know if you ran into that problem I might have a pea brain for like when you said that thing, but when you said it at first, st I was like, I have no idea.
Techstars San Francisco: Potentially repeatable cycle that we can try and at least go learn more about
Jake Gutstein: That.
Techstars San Francisco: The clarity of
Techstars San Francisco: what is it that we want to call it that everyone's like, hey, yeah, I know exactly what you're talking about is. Yes, it's still evading us, but we.
Jake Gutstein: So this is the thing is like, I totally agree with that that you guys have actual direction right now. This is like very real insight. It's a testable hypothesis. It's a really good hypothesis. They're literally telling you I have money that I'm spending. That's burning a hole in my pocket that I wish I could spend, which is like a great signal
Jake Gutstein: in these processes, just like, continue to listen to what they're buying from you, because they're going to say something that's so stupidly Aha! Simple to describe it, and that's going to be what you ultimately end up. Pick up and run. You're not going to be able to invent the term like it's not. It's not going to like come to you in a you know, a whiteboarding session.
Jake Gutstein: most likely.
Techstars San Francisco: Luckily one. Well, at least one of them is in our cohort, so we'll.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, that's great, like, like, that's awesome.
Jake Gutstein: But like, I think it's not like, what do you think? What do you think? What do you think it's more so like literally talking to them about their processes?
Techstars San Francisco: Don't wonder we'll find out.
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, sorry! I don't see that.
Jake Gutstein: No problem.
Jake Gutstein: That's what I got, man. I'm like, I won't lie. I was sweating when you were describing cluster one and cluster 2. I was like, Jesus, yeah.
Jake Gutstein: here we go.
Jake Gutstein: But
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, it's just like these are not.
Jake Gutstein: Excellent. It's awesome. It's awesome.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, it was. It was like we were just. It felt like we were pulling teeth honestly, even getting calls back.
Techstars San Francisco: And we were like, wait. Actually, we have a paying customer. Let's see if that's
Techstars San Francisco: repeatable. But like, let's understand them better. And then I think the the other part was also like, actually.
Techstars San Francisco: there's like they're ready to pay now for what we have now, not for, like what we have to have in 2 months.
Jake Gutstein: What a beautiful way to put it. And it's like, think about it like, even in the most basic what you already have in this document to your point, like you're going to start by tending to these people. But in time, as you increase your fidelity, that 1st anxiety of, like the little Vc analyst, or whatever they're working on, is going to be a swage. It's like.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, you're going to be recognized because you're using this secret product that. So now, all of a sudden, you have like a go to market with this 1st cluster, and you're going to see like this thing that they're using on
Jake Gutstein: on the people that we're paying huge contracts for. There's gonna be like, there's more opportunity that's going to come. But the key is just closing those 1st sales, even if it sounds really narrow and really a little bit too focused and a little bit scary in that way.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, I think we were. We were scared about how small the box was getting over here, but
Jake Gutstein: but but it should. The almost Schwartzfarb, who is like the techstars director in, Austin would would say literally, like you should be scared by how small that box gets. There are different styles that you're going to present this to. So what we're talking about is internally and operationally, we're not necessarily talking about how you would position this thing externally when raising funds given that you've accomplished certain levels of traction. Because, like, it's weird, you're going to need to be playing several games at once.
Techstars San Francisco: Thank you. Guys.
Techstars San Francisco: learn is, go where customers are pulling you, not where you want to push. Yeah. Also, like where they're actually doing.
Techstars San Francisco: Should I add
Techstars San Francisco: thanks for staying overtime. Everybody.
Techstars San Francisco: Hi, Jake! Great meeting you so I'm the founder of trains. We are building the biomedical data tools and data infra for AI and tech teams in biomedical labs like diagnostic labs doing imaging based tests.
Techstars San Francisco: So what we have found out is that radiologists and pathologists make a lot of mistakes when reading imaging reports like X-rays, Ct scans, MRI scans, and that causes a lot of false positives and missed detections. And these labs are investing and wanting to implement amazing AI models which can completely eradicate these, like, you know, false positives and missed.
Techstars San Francisco: which are costing this labs in billions. So in order for them to use even the best AI model in the market, which is having, like 97, 98% accuracy the moment they implement that model into production, the accuracy drops to 50 to 60% because they, this models hallucinate. The data is not perfect. It's flawed like it's not structured properly, and that
Techstars San Francisco: where these teams suffer because most of these tech teams do not have the required expertise to implement these data integration tools, the data annotation stuff and then deployment structures and all those stuff. And that's where they need like data tools in order to implement these biomedical models. And also after implementing
Techstars San Francisco: post deployment, tracking of model output is super important, because if they don't track, the output drifts like the model starts like breaking from its original accuracy. And that's where trains comes into play. We are giving this. Take teams of biomedical labs.
Techstars San Francisco: Like, you know, data tools to integrate with their data faster, annotate their data, help them with, like, you know, choosing the right model, customizing their model, and also to deploy and post deployment tracking.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, it's completely done
Techstars San Francisco: on trends. Now, what we have understood is that biomedical labs is a huge market. There are 260,500 registered medical labs doing diagnostic tests. About 70% of these labs are doing imaging based tests.
Techstars San Francisco: 50% of those labs are having a tech team trying to implement some kind of AI, and we have identified 8,800 labs in New Jersey and New York State. Doing. Like, you know, the 3 specific diagnostic tests that we are starting with.
Techstars San Francisco: So we have made a list of all the labs in New Jersey and New York doing like, you know 2 specific malaria, and, like, you know, like 2 specific blood smear tests and the labs doing chest X-rays
Techstars San Francisco: for tuberculosis and cancer detection. So these are 8,800 labs which we have a list of. Okay. Now, how many of them are implementing AI or have already implemented or are planning to implement. AI, we don't know. That is what we are struggling with right now, we have the whole list of
Techstars San Francisco: this. Okay, so these screening criterias, we are looking for. Labs were specifically trying to eliminate false positives, speed up their clinical trials, and also who needs high accuracy and who wants to use their past medical data to build a better like, you know, AI models. So
Techstars San Francisco: yep.
Techstars San Francisco: So one of our customers is at vivo diagnostics. We have 2 labs. One is at vivo diagnostics as our 1st paid pilot client, and the second is bio reference, which happens to be the 3rd largest lab chain in the Us.
Techstars San Francisco: Giving us paid pilots so as we go CIO happens to be Andy, who is the 1st person with whom we had like a 3h long. Jtvt call. And we actually had multiple. And these are the like, you know, words that we have taken from the call. The 1st thing they, they said is that they are facing like 5 to 7% false positives.
Techstars San Francisco: They are not like the existing solutions in AI are not tailored to lab specific workflows and doesn't cover each cases there, for example, implementing salivation, which is a Japanese technology. But it takes like morphology's team up to like 4 months to train them on salivation, which is crazy, and these are the like, you know words that you have taken from that call and from his thing.
Techstars San Francisco: 1 1. Yeah. So these are like our internal customer call. We have done 2 because we've got 2 customers. We have done 14 radiologist interviews also. So there is. That's a different cluster. This is one cluster, just kind of similar, like all the like. This falls like this, covers for all the like, you know, tech teams like CIO AI directors will be
Techstars San Francisco: Oh, they are. They are actually using. They are what these tech teams are building for. And it's easy to get radiologists to talk to us than the CTO and Cios. Yeah, so you and I can have a more deep dive
Techstars San Francisco: for this presentation right now. So what part of this would be most helpful for Jake to react to, to give you feedback or reaction?
Techstars San Francisco: Sure. Sure. So from these. These are the insights like these are the insights that we have come up with like this is like our understanding. They really don't want to get into the data part and go into all the like. You know, messy like, you know, work which happens on the tech side in order to implement an AI model they want to like, you know. Dump it into a black box and want us to like, you know, outsource like
Techstars San Francisco: want to outsource the whole thing that is one of the insights that we have got. The second thing is that they need to track and correct the errors in model outputs, but they don't want to. They do it themselves, because managing that is a huge like, you know, crazy thing for them. They want to outsource it completely.
Techstars San Francisco: Also same overtime for these 4 jobs. Which of these are your customers right now?
Techstars San Francisco: So right now, we are doing only data processing. So which is like Job one we've taken like a very small thing to start with. And people are paying us like one to $2 per data processed. So the first, st for example, has paid us $32,000, 20,000 for upfront, like, you know, customization and 15,000 for data processing, and they have extended that contract by adding another $40,000.
Techstars San Francisco: Alright.
Techstars San Francisco: One of the things that I'm struggling with is basically we are still not having complete clarity on the lab workflows. We are trying to get into that. But we are like, we have kind of like outside view. We are trying to get hold of a person who actually works in the lab and who can like, you know, we can meet in person. I'm actually setting up meetings with, like, you know, lab people next.
Techstars San Francisco: yeah, I mean, there's some complexity and some confusion. But I think there's an opportunity to like help you simplify so that people like us can digest it more effectively to help you. But, Jake, go ahead.
Jake Gutstein: yeah, I think, Neil, the one thing that I would just flag with regards to that also, is it.
Techstars San Francisco: We can't hear you.
Techstars San Francisco: He!
Jake Gutstein: Can you hear me?
Techstars San Francisco: Well, he's gonna fix it in a second hold on.
Jake Gutstein: Are you? Good?
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, yeah, we can hear you.
Jake Gutstein: Just the one thing that I was gonna say, I was gonna flag with regards to what Neil's hitting on is there's a supply side orientation here. So really understanding what the purchasing behaviors, what's gonna change between when somebody sets out to buy a solution here and cause it's very clear to me what you guys are doing. It's not as clear to me what they're buying from you.
Jake Gutstein: And so like, the problem statement was clean enough. And it sounds like, you guys have real serious and paid traffic.
Techstars San Francisco: Consultation and the tools that we are using for, like, you know, helping them. We are not giving them the tools right.
Jake Gutstein: They're they're you're selling tools. But they're.
Techstars San Francisco: No, we don't have the tools ready for them to use directly. So we are using them. So it's kind of like consultation.
Jake Gutstein: I'm sorry, Neil.
Techstars San Francisco: We are consulting to build the product.
Jake Gutstein: You're oh, so they're paying you. You're either a total of 45, or 70, or 5. I I forget where you were at 80 grand in revenue to consult for these companies.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: Is that is that right?
Techstars San Francisco: Yes. 3rd party data processor.
Jake Gutstein: Got it
Techstars San Francisco: We are consulting to begin with, because right now, product is not ready when it will be ready, we can use it as a product. Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, all right. All right. I guess. Like there's there. There's a serious willingness to pay
Jake Gutstein: from these labs, or at least one of the labs, and the idea is that you would move away from the agency model by leveraging what you guys are building or the consultation
Jake Gutstein: by leveraging what you guys are building right now, I think the the critical piece is understanding with nuance what people are going through, because what you have listed here are
Jake Gutstein: are essentially products that you offer rather than
Jake Gutstein: situations that people find themselves in or.
Techstars San Francisco: What you have listed as a job to be done, sound like offerings that you are providing.
Jake Gutstein: Sell like I'll take Job 2. Please.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, exactly. But that's not-. That's not what we're like.
Techstars San Francisco: We'll we'll work with you to make sure you combine the idea of jobs with your understanding of what your customers are buying from right now. The thing what you're telling us is what they're buying from you right now.
Techstars San Francisco: like the the underlying.
Jake Gutstein: Right, but my hypothesis would be that you actually know it, like you're pretty dialed in because you're closing fair like fairly significant revenue.
Techstars San Francisco: You don't. You don't get paid 5 figures without having some sort of inkling of doing.
Jake Gutstein: Yep.
Techstars San Francisco: And one of the
Techstars San Francisco: we're hearing it come out when you're talking about the black box. I feel like the guy doesn't want to touch the data.
Jake Gutstein: Yep.
Techstars San Francisco: That's what I need help. Actually, I'm super confused.
Jake Gutstein: On on this one. No, I I mean, I think that there's great opportunity. But it sounds like you guys are ready to lean in.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I know what to do. I'll work with you on this. So let's make it like, make sense. Okay? So Jake, I do wanna get a few final thoughts. If you're willing to share just some insights from looking at the data and aggregate all 10 companies. I'm doing a session tomorrow to kind of talk about.
Techstars San Francisco: like my part 4 Jtvd. Which has only been done by Liliana and I. We talk about how to synthesize.
Techstars San Francisco: But I think I'm gonna spend some time tonight prepping a little bit more so would love for you to like, tee them up a little bit on where they should
Techstars San Francisco: go from here, based on what you saw.
Jake Gutstein: Different people were in different places. I mean, definitely, you're at the point in program where you want to build lightweight tests with the I like close sales, like the entire thing, is not about building honestly, even leading with that wrong, but like close revenue
Jake Gutstein: as quickly as possible. While doing these, this type of experimentation in parallel. I think that, like several people, had
Jake Gutstein: a real depth of understanding around what people go through that drives them to want to make a buying decision. Others were like really close, like circling the drain, but maybe like a level too high. And I think that like, just
Jake Gutstein: to the degree that you can continue to talk to people who have either bought and had a successful experience, not using your product bought and had a failed experience, not using your product or bought and used your product successfully. You'll be positioned for success.
Jake Gutstein: is it, Maeve? That's the name of the company.
Techstars San Francisco: Man.
Jake Gutstein: That may that that's gonna be like the gold standard in terms of like the initial insights. So like it's like, hey? They're saying this. And it took us like, you really have to wrestle. And this is gonna happen time and time again. I think it's actually like this was the 1st time that I felt this way with my team like truly feeling like I sucked at what I did with this stuff, and I felt that in their story as well where it's like
Jake Gutstein: it's going to be uncomfortable. And you're going to be asking questions that feel like frontal, for you're not
Jake Gutstein: ask the stupid question at the beginning, because, this process is not particularly natural. Most people stop at like we're selling this to close more sales.
Jake Gutstein: But that's not really going to inform deep product insight, and it's most likely not going to inform deep marketing insight that will actually break through noise.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah, I think just to reemphasize what Jake just said. There's what they're saying, and there's what they mean. Those are usually different things right. And I think that was a great job by Vivian demonstrating her ability to like, identify, like, okay, I thought it was this, but when I really dug in, I realized that this is what was going on underneath.
Jake Gutstein: I'm sorry, Neil.
Techstars San Francisco: Wait go ahead!
Jake Gutstein: I was just gonna say, what was special about that was also like she literally was so self cause she's so
Jake Gutstein: short removed from it was so self-referential about like the like. We were literally running into the wall, over and over, trying to have this conversation, and it finally clicked when we realized, to position it this way instead of that way, and even after that it took like positioning it that way, and then having the conversations, not jumping to conclusions in our head, but sitting in a room until like midnight last night, which is like literally what Sav and I we used to do just to get to the point where, like
Jake Gutstein: you have the next.
Jake Gutstein: everything kind of comes together with that level of nuance. It's not meant to be 10 stories with you, recalibrating every single time in aggregate. It's like you can do it. You can cluster it, start to see some insights, but really formalize it at the end.
Techstars San Francisco: Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: That's in terms of like the jobs process.
Techstars San Francisco: What you described going through last night with people. Here is what he goes through all the time. Whenever they do a round of jobs to be done in.
Techstars San Francisco: Okay, Jake, thank you for making the time. For all of this. We appreciate you, man.
Jake Gutstein: Rock on, guys. I'm around. Reach out. If I can be helpful at all.
Techstars San Francisco: Chill out, grab your stuff, clean up all the cups, all the mugs, all the trash. If someone near you left stuff behind, we're going to get it out of here. Gonna pack up your stuff, or whatever you want to do with your stuff. But this room needs to be clear, and then we're going to see you in the lobby, the Hama Street side, like the main lobby by the Ping Pong table at 5, 45, and then we're going to get you bed and give you a breath, and then you can do what you need to do.
Techstars San Francisco: Vivian. We doing the 8min drill here, one second.